test_1	"Sharapova advances to Korea Open final. Reigning Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova has thrashed Anne Kremer of Luxembourg to advance to the final of the Korea Open in Seoul."""
test_2	"Corporate Krueger haunts PeopleSoft. A few weeks ago the then-CEO of PeopleSoft, Craig Conway, posed the following question to attendees at a technology conference:  quot;Have you ever had a bad dream that never ended?"""
test_3	"BC expects to need 'A' game. It is not as though they need any more reminders. It is not as though they are not aware of the consequences. Boston College has Rutgers and Mississippi State and, to an extent, Pittsburgh as prime examples of what can happen to a Division 1-A team on any given day against a Division 1-AA opponent."""
test_4	"Auto sales surged in Sept.. Auto sales soared 10 in September, led by a 25 surge at General Motors and increases for Chrysler and Toyota. GM had its biggest gain in two years after boosting rebates."""
test_5	"NASA puts off space shuttle flights until at least May. WASHINGTON: The US space agency NASA has put off resumption of space shuttle flights from March until at least May, the agency has said."""
test_6	"Perry OKs money for APS as more accusations arise. The state #39;s Adult Protective Services agency will get an emergency infusion of \$10 million to correct the kinds of problems that have arisen in El Paso."""
test_7	"Serial blasts rock NE: 19 killed. GUWAHATI: A string of powerful bomb blasts rocked Nagaland and Assam on the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi Saturday, killing at least 19 people and injuring more than 50."""
test_8	"Mariners' Ichiro Breaks Hits Record, Adds Single.  SEATTLE (Reuters) - The Seattle Mariners' Ichiro Suzuki  registered three singles to tie, break and then add to the  Major League hits record with his 259th of the season in a game  against the Texas Rangers Friday."""
test_9	"G7 fails to reach debt deal. Hopes of a deal to write off completely the debts of some of the world #39;s poorest countries were dashed after the Group of Seven rich nations club failed to reach agreement."""
test_10	"Tennis: Canas crushes Novak to reach Shanghai final, faces &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;. SHANGHAI : Argentina #39;s Guillermo Canas dominated Jiri Novak of the Czech Republic to book his place in the final of the 380,000-dollar ATP Shanghai Open tennis tournament against unheralded German Lars Burgsmuller."""
test_11	"Techs lead gains on Wall Street. Shares surged on Wall Street on Friday night, pushing the Dow over 100 points higher, as tech stocks rallied and drug giant Merck staged a 1 per cent rebound following its 26 per cent fall on Thursday."""
test_12	"Oil, Profit Reports to Weigh on Stocks.  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A new reporting period for company  earnings kicks into gear next week, giving investors a bit of  hard data to chew on, and markets could be volatile if the  price of crude oil stays north of \$50 a barrel."""
test_13	"Oceanic storms make the Earth  #39;hum #39;. Did you know that the Earth is constantly humming ie it produces a low frequency noise which can be picked up in the 2 to 7 mHz (millihertz) range, a range far below the one human ears can detect and scientist have now found that it is the energy produced """
test_14	"Blair heads to country home for rest after heart op. LONDON, Oct 2 (AFP) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Saturday that he felt in  quot;excellent quot; health as he set off for his official country residence to rest after a successful minor heart operation."""
test_15	"IMF, World Bank look to keep global recovery strong (AFP). AFP - Facing a global economy on the mend but threatened by surging oil prices and other factors, IMF and World Bank policymakers opened two days of meetings Saturday to discuss ways to keep the recovery on track."""
test_16	"Sete returns to top form in Qatar; Edwards joins party with runner &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;. Sete Gibernau will go down in history as the first ever winner of the Grand Prix of Qatar after an incredible race today which he led from start """
test_17	"US, Allies Far Apart on Iraq Debt Relief. WASHINGTON Oct. 2, 2004 - The United States and its major economic allies struggled Saturday to resolve deep differences over how best to relieve the heavy debt burden for Iraq and the world #39;s poorest countries."""
test_18	"Poor nations seek WTO textile aid. With 40 years of textile quotas about to be abolished in a move to help developing nations, a group of the world #39;s poorest countries are asking for a different approach: special trade deals to protect them from a free-for-all."""
test_19	"Arsenal's Unbeaten Streak Reaches 48 Games (AP). AP - Arsenal extended its unbeaten streak in the Premier League to 48 games Saturday, getting two goals from Thierry Henry in a 4-0 victory over Charlton and bouncing back from a Champions League tie."""
test_20	"22 killed, 100 injured in Nagaland twin blasts :. India News  gt; Guwahati, Oct 2 : At least 22 people, including women and children, were killed and over 100 injured when two simultaneous landmine blasts ripped through the busy railway station here and a crowded market place of this commercial town of """
test_21	"Update 4: Belo to Cut 250 Jobs, Mostly in Dallas. Media owner Belo Corp. said Wednesday that it would cut 250 jobs, more than half of them at its flagship newspaper, The Dallas Morning News, and that an internal investigation into circulation overstatements """
test_22	"New appointments hint Musharraf to remain COAS after Dec 31. ISLAMABAD: Military analysts have said that after the appointment of new Chairman Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee and Vice Chief of Army Staff it is clear that President General Pervez Musharraf will retain his cap of Chief of Army Staff beyond December 31 """
test_23	"Report: Bowa on His Way Out of Philly.  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Larry Bowa will reportedly  be fired as manager of the Philadelphia Phillies at the end of  the season."""
test_24	"China vows currency shift but mum on date. Washington, Oct. 2: In the face of growing international pressure, Chinese officials told top US officials on Friday that they would continue to push ahead with plans to float or revalue their currency, but """
test_25	"No. 20 Wisconsin 24, Illinois 7. Tailback Anthony Davis #39; return from an eye injury sparked No. 20 Wisconsin #39;s stagnant offense and the Badgers #39; defense was as stout as ever in a 24-7 victory over Illinois on Saturday."""
test_26	"Putin the power broker. Last Wednesday, at the stroke of noon, one of the most lucrative prizes in Russia #39;s oil industry went under the hammer. Russia #39;s Federal Property Fund, which controls sales of state assets, auctioned a 7.6 """
test_27	"Phillies relieve Bowa of his duties. The Phillies ended months of speculation when they announced the dismissal of manager Larry Bowa before Saturday #39;s game against the Marlins at Citizens Bank Park."""
test_28	"The C.E.O. Vanishes, and Other Mysteries. Why did PeopleSoft, in the midst of a takeover fight with Oracle, fire its chief executive and president? Who knows? And that's a problem."""
test_29	"New York Yankees Team Report - October 1. (Sports Network) - Orlando Hernandez tries to rebound from his first loss of the season this evening when the New York Yankees open a three-game set with the Toronto Blue Jays at SkyDome."""
test_30	"Angels Rally Past A's to Clinch AL West Crown (Reuters). Reuters - Garret Anderson capped a three-run\eighth inning rally with a run-scoring single as the Anaheim\Angels edged the Oakland Athletics 5-4 Saturday to capture\their first AL West pennant in 18 years."""
test_31	"Rapids Clinch MLS Playoff Berth (AP). AP - Dwyane DeRosario's goal in the 82nd minute lifted the San Jose Earthquakes to a 1-1 tie with the Colorado Rapids on Saturday night."""
test_32	"A's Bullpen Blows Up and Angels Take Title. Anaheim scored three runs in the eighth inning off Oakland relievers to rally for a victory and clinch the American League West title."""
test_33	"Louisiana Tech Bulldogs. RUSTON, Louisiana (Ticker) -- No. 17 Fresno State could not overcome a dominant performance by Ryan Moats or a poor one by Paul Pinegar."""
test_34	"Ransom may buy life of Iraq hostage. The brother of Iraq hostage Ken Bigley was investigating whether it might be possible to buy his sibling #39;s life. Paul Bigley was looking into reports in a Kuwaiti newspaper that a new Iraqi militant group """
test_35	"Security Beyond Antivirus Programs. Comprehensive security programs that include firewall software, spyware defenses and diagnostic and repair tools are necessay to keep a PC in good health these days. &lt;FONT face=""""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"""" size=""""-2"""" color=""""#666666""""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"""
test_36	"Lucent's history a case study in wild rides. If you've ever wondered what ignited America's late-1990s obsession with telecom and tech stocks, you could well argue it all started with Lucent Technologies ."""
test_37	"Finley #39;s slam wins wild West for LA. LOS ANGELES - Steve Finley immediately raised his arms over his head, as if to show there really might be a Great Dodger in the Sky looking after him and the Los Angeles franchise after a nine-year title drought."""
test_38	"Angels Rally Past A's to Clinch AL West Crown.  OAKLAND (Reuters) - Garret Anderson capped a three-run  eighth inning rally with a run-scoring single as the Anaheim  Angels edged the Oakland Athletics 5-4 Saturday to capture  their first AL West pennant in 18 years."""
test_39	"Open Source Group Blasts Gartner For Linking Linux To Windows &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;. An Australian open-source industry group on Friday took exception to a Gartner report that pre-loading PCs with Linux is often a precursor to adding a pirated copy of Windows, calling the research  quot;farcical."""
test_40	"Turkey to Get Green Light for EU Entry Talks -Paper. The European Commission #39;s report on Turkey next week will recommend that the European Union open accession negotiations with Ankara, the German daily Bild said Sunday, quoting sources at the EU executive."""
test_41	"King's Widow Turns Focus on Voting Rights (AP). AP - The widow of Martin Luther King Jr. said the right to vote should be open to everyone in a democracy, including those who have been convicted of crimes."""
test_42	"Eta suspects arrested in France. French security forces have arrested 20 people suspected of being members of the outlawed Basque separatist group, Eta. Most were Spaniards living in the Basque region of south-western France."""
test_43	"New Bomb Blast Wounds 15 in India. Suspected separatists bombed a power line, a gas pipeline, a tea plantation and a crowded marketplace in northeastern India on Sunday, intensifying a campaign of violence """
test_44	"Ichiro with 260 hits, Writes First New Chapter in 84 Years. Japans  quot;Baseball talent quot; Suzuki Ichiro (31,Seattle Mariners) has leapfrogged 84 years of outdated records of most hits in a season and stepped into the 260-hit peak."""
test_45	"Brown calls for Labour unity. Chancellor Gordon Brown has sought to quell speculation over who should run the Labour Party and turned the attack on the opposition Conservatives."""
test_46	"In The News: Instant Recall. Oct. 11 issue - Last week Merck pulled its blockbuster arthritis-and-pain-relief drug Vioxx from the market. This week the 1.27 million Americans who were taking it are wondering what to do."""
test_47	"ESPN.com news services. HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros enter today #39;s contest against the Colorado Rockies knowing that a victory will earn them an improbable playoff berth."""
test_48	"Ft: Birmingham 2 Newcastle 2. Newcastle almost regained the lead when Bellamy headed a corner from Robert back across goal but Elliotts close range effort was somehow kept out by a pack of Blues bodies guarding the goal-line."""
test_49	"Bus ambush kills 17 workers near Tikrit. Gunmen ambushed a bus carrying unarmed Iraqis to work at a US ammunition dump near Tikrit yesterday, killing 17 and raising the toll from three days of intensified and bloody terrorist """
test_50	"Flu sidelines Clemens on Sunday. Roger Clemens was scratched from his start on Sunday after spending most of the overnight hours battling a stomach virus. Clemens #39; blood pressure was slightly elevated """
test_51	"Final Score: NY Giants 14, Green Bay 7. Green Bay, WI (Sports Network) - Kurt Warner threw a four-yard touchdown pass to Jeremy Shockey early in the fourth quarter to lift the New York Giants over the Green Bay Packers, 14-7, at Lambeau Field."""
test_52	"Oil Price Spike Had Chilling Effect -Fed. The recent spike in oil prices has had some negative impact on the US economy, but the futures markets suggest that this will be a temporary phenomenon, a top Fed official said on Sunday."""
test_53	"Ahold to Sell Spain Operations to Permira (AP). AP - The Dutch supermarket retailer Ahold, seeking to streamline global operations and reduce debt, said Sunday it will sell its holdings in Spain to Permira Funds for about  #36;849 million."""
test_54	"Streaking Patriots still stinging from last game at Buffalo. Anytime someone tells Bill Belichick how great his team is, the New England Patriots coach needs only to slip in a tape of last year #39;s season opener to stay grounded."""
test_55	"Gunfire Erupts in Pro-Aristide Haiti Slum. PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti Oct. 3, 2004 - Gunfire erupted in a slum teeming with loyalists of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide on Sunday, sending people scattering through trash-strewn streets following """
test_56	"A Painful Mistake. In a world in which the fortune OF a pharmaceutical company can rise and fall on the strength of a handful of blockbuster drugs, Vioxx was a giant."""
test_57	"Trash Begins to Clutter Space Station (AP). AP - There's no space in the space station. With no garbage pickup by shuttles for nearly two years, the international space station is looking more and more like a cluttered attic."""
test_58	"Mobile phone network reaches last of China's ethnic minorities (AFP). AFP - China has brought its mobile phone network to the last of its ethnic minority regions previously cut off from communication with the outside world, state media reported."""
test_59	"Liberals enter political minefield of minority government starting Monday (Canadian Press). Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - A chastened Liberal government will find itself relying on support from the very opponents it steamrollered for over a decade when Prime Minister Paul Martin begins steering his party through the first minority Parliament in a quarter-century."""
test_60	"BlackBerry, Beloved Gadget, Continues to Thrive. BOUT a year ago, PalmOne was poised to challenge the dominance of the BlackBerry, the wireless e-mail device made by Research in Motion that has become the gadget of choice among celebrities and politicians."""
test_61	"You have mail, always, with a BlackBerry. Washington lawyer William Wilhelm knows from experience that not everybody loves his BlackBerry as much as he does. The girlfriend was fed up with a relationship """
test_62	"Darfur rebels reject Khartoum bid to split them ahead of talks (AFP). AFP - Ethnic minority rebels in Darfur have rejected an attempt by the Sudanese government to divide them ahead of a new round of peace talks in Nigeria later this month, a Khartoum daily reported."""
test_63	"Nikkei Opens Higher (Reuters). Reuters - The Nikkei average rose 1.37 percent at\the opening on Monday as a recovery in U.S. stocks encouraged\investors to seek bargains among lagging issues, including\Canon Inc. and other high-tech issues."""
test_64	"US football: Patriots' historic win. New England win a record-tying 18th straight game - plus an NFL round-up."""
test_65	"Aussie ruling party leads in election polls, but gap narrows. The government of Prime Minister John Howard had a narrow lead in opinion polls heading into the final week of campaigning ahead of the Australian federal election, but the opposition Labor party was narrowing the gap, according """
test_66	"NL Wrap: Expos End Life in Montreal with Defeat to Mets.  NEW YORK (Reuters) - David Wright and Todd Zeile both  homered to lead the New York Mets to an 8-1 win over Montreal  at Shea Stadium on Sunday, handing the Expos a heavy defeat in  their final game before moving to Washington next season."""
test_67	"AL Wrap: Indians, Twins Split Unique Doubleheader.  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Ben Broussard belted a two-run homer  to give the Cleveland Indians a 5-2 win over the Minnesota  Twins to salvage a split of a unique doubleheader on the final  day of the regular season on Sunday."""
test_68	"Japan Shares Up 2 Percent by Midday. Japanese stocks rose 1.9 percent by midsession on Monday as a strong performance by US semiconductor-related stocks gave a push to Japanese peers such as Advantest Corp."""
test_69	"Mexico's 'Fire Volcano' Erupts, No Evacuations Yet (Reuters). Reuters - Mexico's so-called """"Fire\Volcano"""" spewed lava, glowing rocks and flames on Friday in an\eruption that authorities said was not yet serious enough to\evacuate nearby villages."""
test_70	"The Rippling Pain from Vioxx. Prescription-drug recalls aren #39;t common, and they #39;re almost always controversial. Now that Merck (MRK ) is voluntarily withdrawing its Vioxx pain medication around the world, due to a heightened risk of cardiovascular """
test_71	"Bush defends tax cuts. WASHINGTON, Oct 2 (AFP) - US President George W. Bush said Saturday he would renew some of the huge tax cuts that form a cornerstone of his economic rejuvenation policy and chided Democratic challenger John Kerry for opposing the cuts."""
test_72	"This year #39;s Panthers could learn a thing or two from Michael Vick. CHARLOTTE - Michael Vick head-butting an opposing linebacker may not have been the smartest thing for a National Football League quarterback to do."""
test_73	"Falcons not cruising at 4-0; they #39;re working. Jim Mora thought his team deserved a little something special. His Atlanta Falcons, with a thorough 27-10 pounding of the Carolina Panthers, had just extended their record to 4-0 for the first time since 1986."""
test_74	"New Tungsten Boasts Big Storage. PalmOne #39;s Tungsten T5 comes with 256MB of flash memory, so you never risk losing your data. If you #39;re a pack-rat type who likes to keep a lot of data you can #39;t afford to lose on your personal digital assistant, PalmOne has a handheld for you."""
test_75	"Dodgers ready for anything. com. When Dodgers coach Glenn Hoffman makes out the daily schedule of Spring Training drills, there are entries for pickoffs and cutoffs, bunt situations and hit-and-runs."""
test_76	"Six Shot Dead in New Northeast India Violence.  GUWAHATI, India (Reuters) - Suspected separatist rebels  stormed a village in India's northeast on Monday and shot dead  six people, police said, taking the toll in the worst violence  in years in the troubled region to 62."""
test_77	"SUSAN TOMPOR: Stores turn paper into e-checks. I picked up my 6-year-old son from school last week, and we drove to Wal-Mart to see the future for paper checks. We grabbed a few of life #39;s staples: some Legos, a pack of 3x5 cards to create """
test_78	"Brewers buyer expected to step out of the shadows Monday. MILWAUKEE - Paul Attanasio says the story of his brother buying a baseball team is like a script straight out of Hollywood. He should know."""
test_79	"Nikkei Up 2.5 Pct in Afternoon. Tokyo #39;s Nikkei average jumped 2.5 percent by mid-afternoon on Monday as semiconductor-related stocks such as Advantest Corp. mirrored a rally by their US peers while banks and brokerages extended last week #39;s gains."""
test_80	"Junior swears by win at Talladega. Dale Earnhardt Jr. went from 11th on a restart on Lap 184 to first less than two laps later to win the EA Sports 500. He led nine times for 78 laps."""
test_81	"Informed and Awaiting a St. Helens Eruption. The people who remember the eruption of Mount St. Helens in 1980 are not as fearful as they were then, with scientists predicting a less powerful eruption."""
test_82	"Tokyo Stocks Finish 2.6 Percent Higher (AP). AP - Tokyo stocks finished sharply higher Monday, fueled by Wall Street's gains last week. The U.S. dollar was higher against the Japanese yen."""
test_83	"Gujarat riot murder retrial opens. The retrial of 16 Hindus charged with the murder of 12 Muslims in the Gujarat riots of 2002 opens in Mumbai."""
test_84	"Update 2: Tokyo Stocks Finish 2.6 Percent Higher. Tokyo stocks finished sharply higher Monday, fueled by Wall Street #39;s gains last week. The US dollar was higher against the Japanese yen."""
test_85	"150,000 new jobs expected. The economy probably added 150,000 jobs in September and the unemployment rate held steady at 5.4, a three-year low, according to a survey of economists."""
test_86	"Poland to cut Iraq troops by 2006. Poland will reduce its commitment of forces to the war in Iraq by 40 percent by the end of 2005, the Polish Defense Ministry in Warsaw says."""
test_87	"FTSE hits 27-month high. Top shares have jumped to their highest level for 27 months, tracking a buoyant start to the fourth quarter across global stock markets and as takeover speculation continues to rumble among banks and elsewhere."""
test_88	"Red Hat Buys Netscape Enterprise Suite Technologies. Red Hat chairman and chief executive Matthew Szulik said in a statement:  quot;Directory Server and Certificate Management System have already been widely deployed in the enterprise and are mature """
test_89	"THIERRY HEELS THE WOUNDS. THE MARK of brilliance is to produce the unexpected. The proof of genius is to do it time and again. Thierry Henry is a brilliant genius."""
test_90	"PeopleSoft ousts CEO, still opposes Oracle bid (USATODAY.com). USATODAY.com - PeopleSoft's board might have finally blinked. The business-software maker, facing a 16-month takeover siege from rival Oracle, has canned the CEO who bitterly opposed the deal and lost crucial regulatory support in its bid to stay independent."""
test_91	"Worldpay struck by online attack. Net payment system Worldpay is under attack from hackers delaying transaction times for hundreds of online retailers."""
test_92	"Fable; Nascar 2005: Chase For The Cup. Fable comes with a big reputation behind it -- it was developed by Peter Molyneux, creator of such involved, engrossing games as Populous and Black and White."""
test_93	"Els Sweats Out American Express Victory (AP). AP - Emotionally spent from a Grand Slam season of heartache, Ernie Els reasserted himself as a major force Sunday by outlasting Thomas Bjorn in a brilliantly played duel in the cold rain in the American Express Championship. He closed with a 3-under 69 for a one-shot victory and his first World Golf Championship."""
test_94	"Austria to Extradite Turkish Underworld Figure.  VIENNA (Reuters) - Convicted Turkish underworld boss  Alaattin Cakici, sought on charges of corruption and extortion,  will be extradited from Austria to Turkey, a district court  ruled on Monday."""
test_95	"Ex-Philly Eagles Coach Nick Skorich Dies (AP). AP - Nick Skorich, head coach of the Philadelphia Eagles from 1961-63 and the offensive line coach on the 1960 championship team, has died at the age of 83."""
test_96	"Loeb looks for home comforts. SEBASTIEN LOEB is dreaming of a title- winning homecoming after moving a step closer to the world championship in the Italian Rally."""
test_97	"Office Depot Chairman, CEO Nelson Resigns. Office Depot Inc. (ODP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said Chairman and Chief Executive Bruce Nelson resigned  quot;by mutual agreement quot; with the board, after four years at the helm."""
test_98	"Metcalfe, Allen back ZigBee start-up. Ember, a start-up that is developing chips for ZigBee--a low-cost, low-power wireless networking standard--received \$25 million in venture capital funding this week."""
test_99	"Office Depot Chairman, CEO Nelson Resigns. Office Depot Inc. (ODP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 2 US office supply chain, on Monday said Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Bruce Nelson has resigned and a search for his successor is underway."""
test_100	"PalmOne Announces Tungsten T5. PalmOne has introduced the new Tungsten T5 PDA. The new Tungsten T5 features 256MB of flash memory, which doesn #39;t lose data when the device loses its charge."""
test_101	"Gluecode delivers open source BPM engine (InfoWorld). InfoWorld - Hoping to put in place the last missing piece of the Java stack, Gluecode Software and the Apache Software Foundation this week unwrapped Project Agila, which the companies claim is the first embeddable open source BPM engine."""
test_102	"PeopleSoft Raises Revenue Forecasts.  NEW YORK (Reuters) - PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;, fresh from  firing its chief executive amid a hostile takeover bid from  Oracle Corp. &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O, target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;ORCL.O,&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said quarterly revenue would  exceed Wall Street's expectations, helped by an increase in  customers making larger orders for its business software."""
test_103	"Poland to Reduce Force In Iraq. Poland will significantly reduce its number of troops in Iraq by the end of 2005, the country #39;s defense minister said on Monday."""
test_104	"A First Look At PalmOne #39;s T5. NEW YORK - If PalmOne #39;s Tungsten T5 handheld was an automobile, it would be described as being a facelift rather than a complete overhaul of the model that preceded it, the Tungsten T3."""
test_105	"Top Court Upholds Visa, MasterCard Ruling.  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Supreme Court on Monday let  stand a ruling that the Visa and MasterCard credit card  associations violated federal antitrust law by barring their  member banks from issuing credit and charge cards on the rival  networks of American Express Co. &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AXP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;AXP.N&lt;/A&gt; and Morgan Stanley.  &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MWD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;MWD.N&lt;/A&gt;."""
test_106	"IMF sees rising oil prices having little impact on global growth. TOKYO: Rising oil prices are unlikely to deal a major blow to global economic growth although the trend may seem  quot;uncomfortable, quot; a researcher with the International Monetary Fund says."""
test_107	"AL moves to stop Israeli attacks against the Palestinians. The Arab League AL has assigned the Arab group at the UN to call for convening an urgent meeting for the UN General Assembly or the UN Security Council to halt the  quot;Israeli war of extermination against the Palestinian people."""
test_108	"EU Pursues Oracle-PeopleSoft Case (AP). AP - European Union regulators suggested Monday they are not bound by a U.S. decision to allow Oracle Corp. to pursue its  #36;7.7 billion bid for rival business software maker PeopleSoft Inc. and are continuing to collect data on the deal."""
test_109	"New Poll Shows Bush and Kerry in Dead Heat (Reuters). Reuters - President Bush is now in a\statistical dead heat with Democratic challenger Sen. John\Kerry for the Nov. 2 election, in a tightening of the race\after the first debate last week, a poll on Monday showed."""
test_110	"Coping With the Common Cold. By Karen Pallarito, HealthDay Reporter    HealthDayNews -- Determined this cold season to nip your sneezing, runny nose and scratchy throat in the bud before those nasty respiratory symptoms sideline you?    There's a broad array of cold remedies you might want to try, ranging from over-the-counter preparations to basic ingredients tucked away in your kitchen pantry.    So what'll it be? A combination pain reliever and nasal decongestant? Vitamin C and echinacea? Tea with honey? A brimming bowl of chicken soup?     It turns out the best advice for dealing with the misery of a cold is the same principle mothers often apply when trying to coax their unruly toddlers to take a nap: Whatever works..."""
test_111	"Ballmer: Microsoft is listening to customers. Microsoft chief executive Steve Ballmer says the software giant is listening to customers, and wants to make the company and its employees more accountable for delivering on its plans."""
test_112	"Steep rise in Haiti storm deaths. The number of deaths from floods in Haiti caused by tropical storm Jeanne has risen sharply to 1,970, with 884 still missing, officials say."""
test_113	"SunGard to Spin Off Data Recovery Unit.  NEW YORK (Reuters) - SunGard Data Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SDS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;SDS.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Monday said it would spin off its data recovery business,  sending its stock up 11 percent to a four-month high."""
test_114	"Flight Diverted to UK After Bomb Threat. A Singapore Airlines passenger jet from Frankfurt to New York was diverted to Manchester Airport in northern England on Monday after a bomb threat that police said may have been a hoax."""
test_115	"Small office / Home office Wi-Fi device finds hotspots. More and more venues are becoming hotspots. Using the wireless 802.11x protocol better known as Wi-Fi, these hotspots can be found in airports, libraries, coffeehouses, restaurants, shopping """
test_116	"SBC links e-mail, voice messages, fax. SBC on Monday announced a new service that integrates voice messages, faxes and e-mails into a single mailbox that can be accessed from anywhere by phone or the Internet."""
test_117	"OPM Delving Deeper Into Employees #39; Backgrounds. which sets hiring and employment standards for the government -- is reviewing its employees to ensure that they are suitable for jobs involving the  quot;public trust."""
test_118	"Rijkaard - has suffered Edmilson blow. Barcelona have been stunned by the news that Brazilian centre-half Edmilson will be out of action for at least six months with a knee injury."""
test_119	"Car bombs strike Baghdad. At least 10 people were killed and 76 injured when one exploded near an army recruitment centre outside the top-security Green Zone housing Iraq #39;s interim government and the US Embassy."""
test_120	"IRS Demands FICA from Chili's Owner.  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Brinker International Inc. which  operates the Chili's restaurant chain, on Monday said it  received a demand from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service  regarding the company's share of FICA taxes on unreported tips  of \$31.4 million during 2000 to 2002."""
test_121	"SpaceShipOne Wins X Prize. Scaled Composites #39; SpaceShipOne broke the 100-km barrier for the second time, satisfying the conditions to win the \$10 million X Prize."""
test_122	"Top Court Upholds Visa, MasterCard Ruling.  WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Supreme Court on Monday  let stand a ruling that the Visa and MasterCard credit card  associations violated U.S. antitrust law by barring member  banks from issuing credit and charge cards on rival networks  owned by American Express Co. and Morgan Stanley."""
test_123	"Video Shows Militants Killing Iraqi from Italy, Turk.  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Islamic militants distributed a video  in Iraq on Monday showing the killings of two men who  identified themselves as an Italian of Iraqi origin and a Turk."""
test_124	"Iraq video shows 'hostage deaths'. A video is released which apparently shows the killing of  two hostages in Iraq, while two others are released."""
test_125	"Turkey defiant over EU accession. Turkey's foreign minister says the EU should not attach conditions to Turkey's bid to start membership talks."""
test_126	"Navy streamlines NMCI contract. Officials at the Navy and contractor EDS said they have reached an agreement to revise performance measurements on the Navy Marine Corps Intranet contract, which EDS called a critical step toward billing NMCI seats on a 100 percent basis."""
test_127	"Reeling Pack sends McKenzie to New Orleans. Green Bay #39;s front office apparently had seen enough of cornerback Mike McKenzie. His holdout and mystery hamstring injury, which had kept him out of the past """
test_128	"Cox brings VoIP service to more cities. Company also plans to launch a business-class Net phone service in Roanoke, Va., as cable providers battle to gain market share."""
test_129	"Lockheed Martin led group wins 3 billion dollar US Postal Service &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;. OWEGO, United States : A group of technology and telecommunications heavyweights led by Lockheed Martin Corp has won a potential three billion dollar contract from the US Postal Service to revamp its vast data communication networks, Lockheed Martin said."""
test_130	"Peoplesoft Revenues To Beat Expectations (NewsFactor). NewsFactor - PeopleSoft (Nasdaq: PSFT) said on Monday that quarterly revenues would beat Wall Street's expectations, due to an increase in the number of customers making large orders for its enterprise-application software."""
test_131	"Taking Advantage of the Terminally Stupid. Would you pay \$4 for something that, at best, is worth a dime? Concord Communications shareholders would."""
test_132	"Chiefs Have Opportunity to Get Back on Track. Kansas City needs a win in the worst way. Thats obvious but tonight they face a tough Baltimore Ravens team that has as many question marks as our hometown Chiefs."""
test_133	"Israeli Soldiers Kill Palestinian Gunman in Gaza -Army (Reuters). Reuters - Israeli soldiers shot and killed a\Palestinian gunman on Monday as he approached a military\outpost near a Jewish settlement in the southern Gaza Strip, a\military source said."""
test_134	"Halliburton Set for Spotlight in VP Debates (Reuters). Reuters - A name likely to come up in\Tuesday's vice presidential debate is Halliburton, the Texas\company once run by Dick Cheney that Democrats say is an\example of cronyism because of its lucrative Iraq deals."""
test_135	"Air Canada shares. Shares of the new Air Canada pushed higher as they began trading today, gaining more than 25 percent from their issue price of \$20."""
test_136	"UPDATE 4-Court #39;s cards ruling to aid MBNA, American Express. The Supreme Court on Monday let stand a ruling that the Visa and MasterCard credit card associations violated US antitrust law by barring """
test_137	"Apple releases Security Update 2004-09-30 (MacCentral). MacCentral - Apple on Monday released Security Update 2004-09-30, which fixes two AFP Server and CUPS issues as well as problems with NetInfoManager, postfix and the ServerAdmin component in Mac OS X Server v10.2.8 and v10.3.5. In addition, a QuickTime heap buffer overflow problem that could allow someone to execute code hidden in a BMP has been repaired. The CUPS and QuickTime fixes apply to Mac OS X v10.3.5 and v10.2.8 as well as the Server versions of each while the others apply only to the user and Server editions of v10.3.5."""
test_138	"South Seas Islands Pin Future on Geotourism. The Cook Islands receive more tourists per capita than any other South Pacific destination. Now authorities are revamping their tourism strategy to focus on preservation."""
test_139	"Briton Charged With Plotting Bomb Attack. WASHINGTON - U.S. authorities brought charges Monday against a British man they contend conspired with admitted al-Qaida member Richard Reid to use shoe bombs to blow up planes in midair..."""
test_140	"Flash memory abounds in PalmOne #39;s Tungsten T5. PalmOne Inc. unveiled a new version of its Tungsten-class personal digital assistant Monday that is designed to protect data even when the device #39;s battery dies."""
test_141	"IBM unveils notebook with fingerprint reader. IBM on Monday introduced a biometric notebook computer with an integrated fingerprint reader,which it says can recognize the user of the computer."""
test_142	"It #39;s Time for Tech Firms to Bet on Growth. Industry leaders have been offering too few innovations and too many marginal upgradesat not-so-marginal prices. There #39;s a joke going around that our lives have become so boring that we #39;ve taken up watching people play cards on TV."""
test_143	"Sosa exits before game, angering management. When his Cubs teammates were taking the field Sunday for the final game of the season, Sammy Sosa already had taken off. And now it is possible Sosa has played his final game as a Cub."""
test_144	"UN calls emergency meeting over Israeli onslaught. The UN Security Council called an emergency meeting Monday at the request of Arab nations to consider a resolution demanding an immediate halt to a major Israeli offensive in the northern Gaza Strip."""
test_145	"Supreme Court turns down  #39;Do Not Call #39; case. SUPREME COURT - The Supreme Court is refusing to hear a challenge to the federal do-not-call telephone registry. Telemarketers have been trying to invoke free-speech rights to do away with the ban on unwanted phone solicitations."""
test_146	"Xamlon looks to beat Microsoft to the punch. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half. Software engineer and entrepreneur Paul Colton thinks he can beat Microsoft by taking a page from its play book--literally."""
test_147	"Judge Challenges EU Position on Microsoft (Reuters). Reuters - A top European Union judge\challenged the EU executive's reasoning in its antitrust court\battle with Microsoft Corp. Friday, questioning why it opposed\the U.S. software giant's setting industry standards."""
test_148	"Voters Flock to Register by Deadline. In a glimpse of what the nation might see a month from now, people lined up at election offices and caused parking lot traffic jams as voter registration deadlines fell Monday in more than a dozen states.    Many officials reported record numbers of new voters, some said they were overwhelmed, and allegations were already flying about fraud and the disqualification of some voters' applications..."""
test_149	"Brewers introduce prospective buyer. Milwaukee, WI (Sports Network) - Mark L. Attanasio was introduced as next owner of the Milwaukee Brewers on Monday. Attanasio, an investor from Los Angeles, is planning on buying the team from the family of Commissioner Bud Selig."""
test_150	"Spielman Defends Decisions With Dolphins (AP). AP - Miami Dolphins general manager Rick Spielman watches home games from the owner's box, which would be the best seat in the house if the team was better."""
test_151	"Brewers Officially Introduce Team Buyer (AP). AP - The Milwaukee Brewers officially introduced Los Angeles investor Mark Attanasio on Monday as the buyer of the ballclub."""
test_152	"France criticizes Iraq hostage mediators. France has criticized unofficial negotiators for complicating release efforts for two French hostages held in Iraq, the BBC reported Saturday."""
test_153	"Court Weighs Legal Rights of Mich. Poor (AP). AP - With backing from two-fifths of all states, Michigan asked the Supreme Court on Monday to whether a state can refuse to pay for appeals by indigent defendants who plead guilty to crimes."""
test_154	"UN Signs Pact with New World Court Opposed by U.S..  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations signed a  cooperation agreement on Monday with the new International  Criminal Court, despite objections to the tribunal from the  United States."""
test_155	"ESPN.com news services. Six months ago, Scottie Pippen issued a  quot;This is probably it for me quot; declaration, that last season was looking more and more like his last in an NBA uniform."""
test_156	"PeopleSoft down on testimony, forecast. Investors react to a disappointing earnings projection and to testimony that dampens hopes of negotiations with Oracle."""
test_157	"New Siebel Chief Outlines Chapter 2 For CRM Vendor. After 10 years of focusing on product development and delivery, CEO Michael Lawrie says Siebel had to recognize that technology is only one part of the CRM equation."""
test_158	"Gordon Cooper, NASA Mercury Pioneer, Dies. LOS ANGELES - Gordon Cooper, who was the youngest and perhaps cockiest member of the original Mercury astronauts and set the space endurance record that helped clear the way for the first moon landing, has died. He was 77..."""
test_159	"Ex PeopleSoft chief admits lying to analysts. WILMINGTON: The former chief executive of PeopleSoft, who was fired last week, said he lied to Wall Street analysts last year about the impact of Oracle #39;s hostile bid on the company #39;s business."""
test_160	"Revamped Tungsten hangs on to data. update PalmOne on Monday introduced a handheld computer that holds on to data even when the battery runs down, as part of a revamping of its mobile-device lineup."""
test_161	"Moose bullish about chances. This is Mike Mussina #39;s fourth postseason here, so he knows the drill. He understands that all of his bad memories of his disappointing season -- the Japan trip, his early-season struggles and """
test_162	"Rebels kill dozens in Indian unrest. India #39;s restive north-east is reeling from one of its bloodiest waves of violence in years. Bombings over the weekend left more than 60 dead and 140 injured."""
test_163	"Web Snags Right Demographic (washingtonpost.com). washingtonpost.com - In 1996, the Internet was a curiosity for most, the record labels were swollen with cash from CD sales, and R.E.M.'s """"New Adventures in Hi-Fi"""" could only add to that hoard. Critics and fans drooled for the alt-rockers' follow-up to their last two hit albums, and the media counted down the days until the CD hit stores in September of that year."""
test_164	"U.S. Seeks Reconciliation with Oil-Rich Venezuela.  SAO PAULO, Brazil (Reuters) - The United States said on  Monday it will seek better ties with oil-rich Venezuela in the  clearest sign since President Hugo Chavez won a recall  referendum in August that Washington is looking for  reconciliation with the firebrand populist."""
test_165	"Venezuela Seeking Arms, Perhaps MiG-29s. &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuela is looking to buyarms to strengthen its military capability and Russian MiG-29fighters are among the options being evaluated, a seniorofficer said on Monday.&lt;/p&gt;"""
test_166	"Cards won #39;t overlook Dodgers. The last time Tony La Russa managed a postseason series against the Dodgers, his club was an Oakland juggernaut that dominated the regular season with 104 victories."""
test_167	"Texans follow Astros #39; lead. The News sports editor. HOUSTON - The Houston Astros weren #39;t the only team in the Bayou City toasting a watershed achievement Sunday afternoon."""
test_168	"US soldiers in Iraq murder probe. Four soldiers are charged with the murder of an Iraqi general who died in custody in Iraq, the US army says."""
test_169	" #39;Kind of a creepy thing #39;: Clues to human origins turn up in head &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;. Lice genes have been a head-scratcher for experts in human origins who now suspect that we humans picked up some parasites from our more primitive ancestors."""
test_170	"Insurgents target Green Zone. Insurgents exploded two car bombs at the gates of the main US-Iraqi headquarters in Baghdad and near major hotels Monday, killing at least 21 people and wounding 96."""
test_171	"Feds kick off digital TV consumer campaign. WASHINGTON - It #39;s one of the biggest technical changes in television since color TV: the digital transition. And because many Americans remain in the dark about it, federal regulators began an education campaign Monday to enlighten them."""
test_172	"AIG #39;s War of Words with Watchdogs. America #39;s largest insurer is in hot water again with regulators. American International Group (AIG ) said on Oct. 4 that officials at the Securities  amp; Exchange Commission and the Justice Dept."""
test_173	"Sex Toy Shuts Down Australian Airport. A scare triggered by a vibrating sex toy shut down a major Australian regional airport for almost an hour on Monday. The vibrating object was discovered on Monday morning inside a garbage can at the terminal """
test_174	"Gibbs doubts Skins were tipping plays. If the Cleveland Browns knew what plays the Washington Redskins were going to run before the ball was snapped Sunday, a review of the game tape 24 hours later revealed scant evidence of it."""
test_175	"Why Putin is backing Kyoto again. Why did Russian President Vladimir Putin decide to ratify the Kyoto Protocol on climate change last week, only six months after his top adviser, Andrei Illarionov, called it a  quot;death treaty?"""
test_176	"Early astronaut showed the moon was attainable. Gordon Cooper Jr., one of the original seven astronauts who became space pioneers and national celebrities, died Monday at his home in Ventura, Calif."""
test_177	"Cambodia #39;s Legislature Bars Government from Pardoning Khmer Rouge. Legislators today approved laws barring the Cambodian government from pardoning Khmer Rouge suspects, one day after ratifying a landmark UN-backed plan to set up a tribunal to prosecute surviving leaders of the murderous 1970s regime."""
test_178	"Small changes, big profits. Staples Inc. hosted a daylong event last week for analysts who follow the company's stock, laying out plans to keep growing in the immediate future and beyond. Everyone went home smiling."""
test_179	"SEC considering civil action over 3 AIG press releases. American International Group Inc. said it has been informed by the Securities and Exchange Commission that it could face a civil action over three of the company's press releases, two of which came out in recent weeks."""
test_180	"Report: Glazer soccer bid near. Malcolm Glazer, tycoon owner of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, reportedly plans to bid more than \$1.2-billion to take control of British icon Manchester United, the world #39;s richest soccer team."""
test_181	"Russia May Ratify Kyoto Protocol in Oct. -- Minister (Reuters). Reuters - The Russian government expects\parliament to ratify the Kyoto Protocol this month in a move\allowing the long-delayed climate change treaty to come into\force worldwide, a senior minister said Monday."""
test_182	"Ex-general wins Indonesian elections. Retired general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono was on Monday confirmed as Indonesia #39;s next leader as final counting from the country #39;s first direct presidential polls gave him a landslide victory over his predecessor."""
test_183	"Hutchison cuts IPO size by 7 pct. HONG KONG: Hutchison Telecommunications International Ltd (HTIL) cut the size of its IPO for a second time to bolster interest in its shares, reducing the sale #39;s value by about 7 percent to between US\$890 million and US\$1."""
test_184	"webcrawler: A9.com is cool. NOW heres something else thats off the mind. Theres no more need to make mental or computer notes while searching the Internet."""
test_185	"US Airways to Cut Hundreds of Jobs. US Airways Group Inc. plans to eliminate """"hundreds"""" of management and nonunion jobs and cut top executives' pay by between 5 and 10 percent."""
test_186	"Nobel honours sub-atomic world . US scientists David Gross, David Politzer and Frank Wilczeck win the Nobel physics prize for their insights into the deep structure of matter."""
test_187	"Tennis: Night final for Aus Open. The centenary Australian Open will be the first Grand Slam event to stage its final at night."""
test_188	"U.S. Defends Detentions. The Bush administration argued Monday that the president can detain enemy combatants at a military prison in Cuba as long as necessary to protect national security and that they have no constitutional rights to hear charges against them."""
test_189	"Avaya to Buy Germany's Tenovis (Reuters). Reuters - Avaya Inc. , a\telecommunications equipment supplier, on Tuesday said it would\buy Tenovis GmbH   Co. of Germany from private equity firm\Kohlberg Kravis Roberts   Co. for  #36;370 million to expand its\presence in Europe."""
test_190	"Oil Prices Set a New Record Above \$50.  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices set a new record above \$50  a barrel on Tuesday as a prolonged U.S. production outage  following Hurricane Ivan attracted fresh speculative buying."""
test_191	"Lazard Meets in Paris to Discuss IPO.  PARIS (Reuters) - Lazard's board was meeting in Paris on  Tuesday to consider a share sale that could end more than 150  years of private ownership at the largest remaining independent  investment bank and buy out its founding families."""
test_192	"Israelis force down Lufthansa jet. Israeli jets force a flight to Tel Aviv to land in Cyprus after a bomb alert  German officials did not consider serious."""
test_193	"Singapore Airlines confirms sale of Air NZ stake. SYDNEY - Singapore Airlines announced on Tuesday the sale of its  quot;non-core quot; 6.3 stake in Air New Zealand, ending a four-year strategic investment in the now government-owned carrier."""
test_194	"Kodak eliminating nearly 900 jobs in England, France. _ Eastman Kodak Co. announced Tuesday it will cut nearly 900 jobs at three of its manufacturing facilities in Europe as part of the company #39;s shift from traditional film production to digital photography."""
test_195	"Russian parliament to consider Kyoto ratification in October &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;. MOSCOW. Oct 5 (Interfax) - Boris Gryzlov, chairman of the State Duma, the lower house of the Russian parliament, told journalists on Tuesday that the Duma will be prepared in October to ratify the Kyoto Protocol."""
test_196	"FEC Wants Campaign Finance Decision Stayed (AP). AP - Federal election officials have asked a judge to stay a ruling striking down several government regulations on political fund raising, arguing that rules interpreting the nation's campaign finance law are crucial as the election approaches."""
test_197	"Israeli Fighters Force Lufthansa Jet To Cyprus. Israeli jet fighters forced a Lufthansa passenger plane bound for Tel Aviv to land in Cyprus on Tuesday due to a bomb threat. Lufthansa said it had not judged the threat to be serious but that Israel had insisted """
test_198	"PalmOne, Microsoft set software pact. PalmOne Inc., the leading maker of handheld computers, said Tuesday it licensed Microsoft Corp. software that enables secure delivery of corporate e-mail to portable devices."""
test_199	"Sharp Displays 65-Inch LCD TV (PC World). PC World - Company claims the HDTV is the biggest of its kind."""
test_200	"Treos to sync to MS Exchange. palmOne has licensed Microsoft #39;s Exchange Server ActiveSync protocol for use on future Treo devices, allowing for wireless server synchronization."""
test_201	"Els Looks Ahead with Promise After Major Woes.  LONDON (Reuters) - After being a frustrated 'nearly man' at  this year's majors, Ernie Els plans to make the most of a  near-perfect finish to the 2004 season."""
test_202	"Acuity Earnings Rise on Improved Demand.  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Acuity Brands Inc. &lt;A HREF=""""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AYI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""""&gt;AYI.N&lt;/A&gt;, a maker of  lighting products and specialty chemicals, on Tuesday said  quarterly profit rose 87 percent due to improved sales, lower  operating expenses and a lower tax rate."""
test_203	"Parmalat Investors Flock to Court Seeking Damages (Update2). Hundreds of Italians who lost savings in the collapse of food company Parmalat Finanziaria SpA flocked to Milan #39;s courthouse, seeking to recover damages as part of the criminal investigation of Italy #39; biggest bankruptcy."""
test_204	"Minot officials give preliminary approval to Wal-Mart Supercenter. MINOT, ND - City Council members have given Wal-Mart preliminary approval to build a Supercenter, though not without some soul-searching."""
test_205	"Big guns board Intertrust DRM bandwagon. Intertrust, Philips and Sony have added more top consumer electronics, content and technology heavyweights to their attempt to create an open interoperable Digital Rights Management environment."""
test_206	"MOFA releases new names of Indonesian hostages. JAKARTA (Antara): The Ministry of Foreign Affairs offered up on Tuesday yet new names of two Indonesian women that were released by Iraqi abductors on Monday."""
test_207	"Pitcairn mayor pleads guilty to sex attack. The mayor of Pitcairn Island has changed his plea to guilty and faces sentencing for sexually assaulting young girls, The Telegraph reported Tuesday."""
test_208	"Judge Indicts 2 Former Parmalat Auditors. MILAN, Italy Oct. 5, 2004 - Two former auditors at Parmalat were ordered to stand trial for market rigging under a fast-track procedure, the first indictments since the massive fraud scandal at the Italian-based dairy giant."""
test_209	"Japan #39;s Sato staying at BAR. Japan #39;s Takuma Sato will continue to drive for BAR next season, the Formula One team said on Tuesday. Sato, gearing up for his home grand prix at Suzuka on Sunday, is eighth in the """
test_210	"UPDATE 1-UPS buys CNF #39;s Menlo Worldwide. United Parcel Service Inc. (UPS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) agreed to buy Menlo Worldwide Forwarding, a unit of CNF Inc. (CNF.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , for \$150 million in """
test_211	"Israel Says It Attacked Islamic Jihad Leader (Reuters). Reuters - The Israeli army said it had attacked\the car of the Palestinian Islamic Jihad militant commander who\was killed in a Gaza City airstrike on Tuesday."""
test_212	"Chechnya's New Leader Knows He's a Rebel Target. GROZNY, (Reuters) - Chechnya's pro-Kremlin leader was sworn in as president of the turbulent Russian region Tuesday and acknowledged immediately he was a prime target for assassination by separatists."""
test_213	"German retailer snubs union plan. Struggling German department store owner, KarstadtQuelle, has rejected unions concessions over pay considered crucial to a successful restructuring of the firm."""
test_214	"Oil Hits \$51 a Barrel on Supply Outage.  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices hit a new record of more  than \$51 a barrel Tuesday as a prolonged U.S. production outage  following Hurricane Ivan attracted fresh speculative buying."""
test_215	"Lazard Meeting Ends Without IPO Decision.  PARIS (Reuters) - Lazard's board on Tuesday failed to  decide on a share sale that would end over 150 years of private  ownership at the independent investment bank but most partners  seemed to back the plan, sources close to the matter said."""
test_216	"Chiron Won't Make Flu Vaccine, Stock Down.  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The company that makes half the flu  vaccine used in the United States said on Tuesday it will not  supply any vaccine for the coming flu season because of  problems at its plant in Britain, throwing a major U.S. flu  drive into disarray."""
test_217	"Vikings RB Onterrio Smith suspended. Minneapolis, MN (Sports Network) - Minnesota Vikings running back Onterrio Smith, who has been suspended four games for violating the NFL #39;s substance abuse policy, will begin serving that suspension Sunday."""
test_218	"Is PeopleSoft waiting for the right price?. A company board member testifies in trial that a sale would be possible if Oracle ups its offer."""
test_219	"Dollar Drifts Lower as U.S. Data Weigh.  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar edged lower on Tuesday  after bearish reports on the U.S. services sector and job  market caused a sell-off ahead of Friday's widely anticipated  September employment data."""
test_220	"Refugees: Fate of Hundreds Unknown. UN officials have been denied permission to check the safety of about 850 migrants deported to Libya from Italy since Friday. The Italian government is flying the migrants to Libya after hundreds landed on """
test_221	"Chip and PC Stocks Mixed on Warnings. Semiconductor stocks were mixed Tuesday after Advanced Micro Devices Inc. warned quarterly revenue would be lower than expected due to sluggish sales of flash memory chips used in mobile phones and other devices."""
test_222	"National Geographic Photo Camps Give Kids New Views. In New York, San Francisco, and Washington, D.C., National Geographic's Photo Camps this summer paired underprivileged students with seasoned photogropaphers. &lt;i&gt;With photo gallery.&lt;/i&gt;"""
test_223	"Amazon Updates Web Services Tools, Adds Alexa Access. The Amazon Web Services (AWS) division of online retail giant Amazon.com yesterday released Amazon E-Commerce Service 4.0 and the beta version of Alexa Web Information Service."""
test_224	"Biography of a Worm. Can anything stop the next global virus outbreak? We follow the trail of one recent worm to see how the security system works--and whether it can be fixed."""
test_225	"US Stops Short of Backing Brazil on UN Council Seat. The United States stopped short of endorsing Brazil #39;s ambition for a permanent seat on an expanded UN Security Council but did say the country would be a  quot;solid candidate."""
test_226	"Ballmer strikes big rivals from Microsoft shopping list. LISBON - Customers watching for Microsoft Corp. to make a headline-grabbing buy in the business applications market faced disappointment Tuesday as company Chief Executive Officer Steven Ballmer ruled out acquisitions of PeopleSoft Inc., Oracle Corp. and SAP AG."""
test_227	"US vetoes Gaza resolution. The United States on Tuesday vetoed an Arab-backed resolution demanding an immediate end to military operations in Gaza and a pullout of Israeli forces."""
test_228	"Avaya to buy German IP telephony vendor. U.S. telecommunications equipment maker Avaya Inc. increased its presence in Europe to the tune of about \$635 million on Tuesday, agreeing to acquire German enterprise communications vendor Tenovis GmbH   Co. KG."""
test_229	"Poland to decide on Iraq pullout soon. WARSAW - Poland should decide soon when to pull its troops out of Iraq and end a political debate that encourages Al-Qaeda, Prime Minister Marek Belka says."""
test_230	"Yahoo offers personal search. Yahoo launched a new service designed to let users of its search engine save and manage their query results for accessing later and sharing with others, the company said Tuesday."""
test_231	"Tigers exercise Trammell #39;s option. The Tigers face plenty of decisions on players from here on out. Their option on the manager was a quick one. Two days after Alan Trammell completed his second season at """
test_232	"Jaret Wright back in the postseason spotlight with Braves. Jaret Wright couldn #39;t get much lower: Waived by a last-place team, he stood outside Houston #39;s Minute Maid Park with his luggage stacked beside him, waiting for a cab that would take him to the airport."""
test_233	"Perez struggles against the Cardinals. Odalis Perez learned just how quickly things could unravel against the potent St. Louis Cardinals. After allowing Albert Pujols #39; first-inning home run Tuesday, Perez held the Cardinals hitless until there were two outs in the third."""
test_234	"Blair Flies to Sudan to Press for Darfur Peace (Reuters). Reuters - Britain's Tony Blair flew to Khartoum on\Wednesday as the most senior yet in a parade of Western\government figures seeking to pressure Sudanese officials over\violence in Darfur province."""
test_235	"NBA Star Pippen Announces Retirement. National Basketball Association star Scottie Pippen has announced his retirement from the game, leaving the Chicago Bulls team he helped lead to six NBA titles."""
test_236	"Schilling, Ramirez Lead Red Sox to Easy Opening Win. Curt Schilling pitched 6 2/3 innings and Manny Ramirez hit a three-run homer in a seven-run fourth frame to lead the Boston Red Sox to a 9-3 win over the host Anaheim Angels in their American League Divisional Series opener Tuesday."""
test_237	"Cape Town F1 bid. And they plan to build a multi-million-dollar race track here for the event, an official said today.  quot;The plans for the bid are far advanced."""
test_238	"Millar and Ramirez homers highlight big Boston inning. The Red Sox thought they were going to have to earn all their runs against the Angels the hard way. Anaheim allowed the fewest numbest of unearned runs in the Majors all season (36)."""
test_239	"Titans Receiver Out With Knee Injury (AP). AP - Tennessee receiver Tyrone Calico will miss at least two to three weeks with torn cartilage in his left knee  #151; another big loss for the Titans' receiving corps."""
test_240	"Pitcairn trial views police interview tape. The court presiding over the Pitcairn Island sex trials has been shown a videotape of a police interview with one of the accused. Steven Christian denies rape but he does admit to having sex with underage girls."""
test_241	"Update 1: Hollinger to Take \$27M Charge for Suits. Hollinger International Inc. said Tuesday it will take a pretax charge of \$27 million to settle advertisers #39; lawsuits over inflated circulation numbers issued for years by the Chicago Sun-Times."""
test_242	"Wireless sensors ready to go global?. Soon millions of the data-collection devices will be scattered around the world, but there are still many obstacles to the networks."""
test_243	"UK #39;s Diageo gets \$2.26 bln from General Mills sale. Britain #39;s Diageo Plc (DGE.L: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s biggest spirits group raised \$2.26 billion from its sale of 49."""
test_244	"Japan Stocks Flat After Wall Street. The Nikkei average was flat in mid-morning trade on Wednesday, bolstered by bargain-hunting of a number of blue-chip stocks after US stocks showed resilience despite a rise in oil prices to new highs."""
test_245	"Jug half full: Gophers hope to hit ground running at Michigan. If Minnesota wants to walk out of Michigan Stadium with the Little Brown Jug for the first time since 1986, it had better hope its offense is its old self and its defense isnt."""
test_246	"HK democrats to take seats. A new crop of Hong Kong democrats are due to be sworn in to the Legislative Council."""
test_247	"Freddie tightens controls. Mortgage giant Freddie Mac announced Monday that it is shutting down some operations of its debt-securities sales division and transferring others - moves that experts said should tighten the company #39;s internal controls after an """
test_248	"KARZAI BRAVES ELECTION RALLY TO CHEERS. Afghanistan #39;s interim President Hamid Karzai has left his heavily fortified compound in Kabul for his first election rally, in the last week of campaigning, for this Saturday #39;s first ever direct elections."""
test_249	"UK satisfied with peace process, says Hoon. ISLAMABAD, Oct 5: British Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon said on Tuesday that history would judge the pace of the peace process between Pakistan and India."""
test_250	"Afghan Race Shaping Up as Battle of the Modern and Traditional. More than 1,000 leathery, turbaned men gathered in a cavernous village mosque Friday for a presidential campaign rally. They no longer carried rifles, and some had even brought their small sons."""
test_251	"Disappearance of baby Azaria to remain Australia's greatest mystery (AFP). AFP - The disappearance of baby Azaria Chamberlain 24 years ago is expected to remain one of Australia's most celebrated mysteries after the coroner's office ruled here that there was no new evidence to justify reopening the case."""
test_252	"Verizon unveils wireless retriever. Cell phone contacts find their way into new phones for \$1.99 a month--without the thumb strain."""
test_253	"Stocks retreat as crude rises. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 38.86, or 0.4 percent, to 10,177.68. The Standard  amp; Poor #39;s 500 index was down 0.69, or 0.1 percent, at 1,134."""
test_254	"British FM makes surprise trip to Iraq. Children collect usable metal parts from the site of a car bomb explosion in Baghdad, Iraq, October 4. AP. BAGHDAD (AFP) - Britain #39;s Foreign Secretary Jack Straw paid a surprise visit to Iraq on Tuesday amid """
test_255	"Detainees seen as minimal threat. WASHINGTON -- Most of the alleged Al Qaeda and Taliban inmates at the US military prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, are likely to be freed or sent to their home countries for further investigation because many pose little threat and are not providing much valuable intelligence, the facility's deputy commander has said."""
test_256	"US, Iraqi Forces in New Push to Retake Rebel Zone. US and Iraqi forces pushed on with their second major offensive in a week Wednesday, hunting insurgents in a triangle southwest of Baghdad that has become one of Iraq #39;s most notorious hot spots."""
test_257	"House OKs Bill Imposing 'Spyware' Fines. Companies and others that secretly install """"spyware"""" programs on people's computers to quietly monitor their Internet activities would face hefty federal fines under a bill the House passed Tuesday."""
test_258	"Fujitsu to announce Nocona-based servers. Fujitsu Computer Systems Corp. on Wednesday plans to unveil upgrades to the company's Primergy tower and rack-mounted servers that will use the 64-bit capable version of the Xeon processor, code-named Nocona."""
test_259	"PeopleSoft CEO Ousted for  #39;Situational Ethics #39;. AccountingWEB.com - October 06, 2004 - The opening of a trial related to Oracle #39;s takeover bid of PeopleSoft featured the revelation that CEO Craig Conway was fired last week for making misleading statements about PeopleSoft #39;s sales."""
test_260	"Cardinals swing into playoff mode. ST. LOUIS - When the St. Louis Cardinals were playing .500 ball for the last two weeks of the regular season after already having clinched the National League Central championship, one question persisted."""
test_261	"On average, quarter was a loser (USATODAY.com). USATODAY.com - In the great race between stock mutual funds and the mattress, the mattress won."""
test_262	"Hewitt Advances at Japan Open (AP). AP - Top seeded Lleyton Hewitt rallied to a 6-0, 3-6, 6-1 win over Japan's Gouichi Motomura on Wednesday in the second round of the Japan Open."""
test_263	"IBM delivers Websphere 6.0. IBM on Wednesday formally announced the next major release of WebSphere, code-named Vela, which company officials see as an integral building block for both its ongoing SOA (service-oriented architecture) and On Demand strategies."""
test_264	"AMD Sheds Light on Dual-Core Plans. Upcoming Opteron chips will occupy the same space as single-core models."""
test_265	"CA aquires computer security firm. Computer Associates International Inc., as promised, is back in the acquisition game, scooping up its second computer security company in as many months with an agreement to buy Netegrity Inc."""
test_266	"How to take the perfect penalty. A sports psychologist says how footballers should prepare themselves for the high-pressure penalties."""
test_267	"US Files WTO Case Against Europe Over Airbus Aid (Update3). The US filed a complaint at the World Trade Organization, arguing that European Union loans to aircraft maker Airbus SAS are an illegal subsidy."""
test_268	"Corporate tax bill nearing approval. WASHINGTON US House and Senate negotiators, moving swiftly to finish a bill that would create more than \$100 billion in corporate tax breaks, have approved a \$10 billion buyout for tobacco farmers and rejected a Senate provision that would have subjected """
test_269	"Afghans rocky road to historic elections. KALAKAN, Afghanistan There were toothless old men, turbaned and gray-bearded, and young men not yet old enough to shave. There were mullahs and mujahedeen, and the presidential candidate #39;s 3-year-old son."""
test_270	"Pacific Oil Link Is Best for Russia, Ambassador Says (Update1). Russia, the world #39;s second-biggest oil exporter, will benefit most from a Siberian crude oil pipeline to the Pacific rather than to China as energy resources are needed to develop the """
test_271	"CA to buy Netegrity for \$430 million. com October 6, 2004, 7:36 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half."""
test_272	"Tiger Woods Ties the Knot with Swedish Ex-Nanny.  LONDON (Reuters) - Former world number one Tiger Woods has  married Swedish model Elin Nordegren at the luxury Sandy Lane  resort in Barbados, the Barbados Daily Nation newspaper  reported Wednesday."""
test_273	"Howard Stern: Serious business for Sirius. Shock jock Howard Stern is jumping from radio broadcasting to satellite radio, promising to boost the ratings of the growing medium and bring his show to fans  quot;my way."""
test_274	"Phelps Seeks More Gold at World Championships.  INDIANAPOLIS (Reuters) - Still riding a wave of euphoria  from the Olympics, Michael Phelps returns to the pool this week  at the world short course swimming championships seeking a  repeat of his six gold medals in Athens."""
test_275	"Investors weigh effect of oil prices. NEW YORK Another rise in oil prices is putting some pressure on stocks, which are mixed. The Dow Jones industrial average is down 12 points at ten-thousand-165."""
test_276	"Islamic threaten women #39;s soccer tournament in Bangladesh. The organizers of Bangladesh #39;s first women #39;s soccer tournament promised to keep playing despite protests by a Muslim group that called the event  quot;indecent and against Islamic norms quot;."""
test_277	"Update 1: United Airlines to Slash US Flights. As part of its bid to emerge profitably from bankruptcy, United Airlines announced plans Wednesday to slash its domestic flight schedule, increase its more profitable international schedule and reduce the size of its fleet over the next six months."""
test_278	"UPDATE 2-UK #39;s Linx drops ITW offer after Danaher steams in. British company Linx Printing Technologies Plc (LPT.L: Quote, Profile, Research) dropped its backing for an earlier takeover offer on Wednesday after US firm Danaher Corp (DHR."""
test_279	"SpaceShipOne Lands After 2nd Flight. MOJAVE, Calif. - The private manned rocket SpaceShipOne (search) streaked toward space early Monday in a bid to top an altitude of 62 miles for the second time in six days and claim the \$10 million Ansari X Prize (search)."""
test_280	"US Plutonium Shipment Reaches France. Working under tight security from helicopters and police, port crews unloaded US military plutonium from a British ship on Wednesday after its arrival in northwest France, nuclear industry officials said."""
test_281	"Zingo keeps Manganese Bronze in red (FT.com). FT.com - Losses from its Zingo mobile phone cab-ordering service kept Manganese Bronze Holdings, maker of London taxis, in the red last year."""
test_282	"The Last Supernova: 400-Year-Old Explosion Imaged (SPACE.com). SPACE.com - Four hundred years ago this \  week, a previously unseen star suddenly appeared in the night sky. Discovered \  on Oct. 9, 1604, it was brighter than all other stars."""
test_283	"Qatar Defense Show Focuses on Videogame Technology.  DOHA (Reuters) - Rick Bracewell is driving through Baghdad  when gunmen open fire. Then a nearby dead dog strapped with  explosives blows up and his vehicle goes up in flames."""
test_284	"Ailton Weighs Rising Sun Offer. Schalke 04 striker Ailton has revealed that he has a big bucks contract waiting for him in Japan. (My agent) put a concrete offer from Japan in front of me, quot; the reigning German Footballer of the Year told SportBild."""
test_285	"U.S. Report Undercuts Bush War Rationale. WASHINGTON - Undercutting the Bush's administration's rationale for invading Iraq, the final report of the chief U.S. arms inspector concludes that Saddam Hussein did not vigorously pursue a program to develop weapons of mass destruction after international inspectors left Baghdad in 1998, according to lawmakers and others briefed on the report..."""
test_286	"McNealy: Microsoft needs Sun to beat IBM and Red Hat. Whatever pleasantries once existed between Sun Microsystems and Red Hat have vanished. This won #39;t come as a shock to many of you."""
test_287	"Turkey Faces Long Road to EU Membership. The European Commission #39;s cautious recommendation that Turkey begin membership negotiations puts the country a step closer to realizing its dream of joining Europe -- but """
test_288	"Briefly: RealNetworks signs up Red Flag Linux. roundup Plus: Microsoft ships Virtual PC 7...SGI warns of lower revenue, deeper loss...SAP taps search technology."""
test_289	"Low-Income Lending Won #39;t Take A Hit. Will low-income families become innocent victims of the crackdown on Fannie Mae (FNM )? After all, one of Fannie #39;s official missions is to increase the rate of homeownership by expanding the pool of capital available for mortgage loans."""
test_290	"Old bones unearth new date for giant deer #39;s last stand. A new investigation into extinctions caused by climate change has revealed that the giant deer, previously thought to have been wiped out by a cold spell 10,500 years ago, instead survived well into the modern era."""
test_291	"IBM, partners roll out ID management suite. IBM Corp. and four partners on Wednesday announced what they call a """"major breakthrough"""" in identity management designed to help business and government agencies protect assets, including IT systems and physical facilities, from unauthorized users."""
test_292	"New Sony PC Boasts 1,000 GB of Storage (AP). AP - Japan's Sony Corp. will begin selling a computer and home-server system in Japan with 1,000 gigabytes of hard-drive storage  #151; enough to record six TV channels for a week straight  #151; the company said."""
test_293	"Purdy Tapped as Cyber-Security Director. The Department of Homeland Security has filled the nation's top cyber-security post after the previous chief abruptly resigned last week, choosing the former director's deputy to take over the position. &lt;FONT face=""""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"""" size=""""-2"""" color=""""#666666""""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"""
test_294	"IBM Updates WebSphere Application Server. The Express version of the new WebSphere server is targeted at the small and midsized business market.  quot;The SMB market has become much more pivotal and crucial to everyone, quot; according to Yankee Group analyst Laura DiDio."""
test_295	"Four former El Paso natural gas traders charged. HOUSTON Four former El Paso Corporation natural gas traders have been charged with making false reports used to calculate the index price of natural gas."""
test_296	"Iraq #39;s Government in Talks with Sunni, Shi #39;ite Leaders. Iraq #39;s interim government is engaged in cease-fire talks with Sunni and Shi #39;ite leaders in an effort to restore calm to violent parts of Iraq before January #39;s scheduled election."""
test_297	"Old Bones Give New Date for Giant Deer Demise (Reuters). Reuters - Many large mammals were wiped out in the\last Ice Age but the Eurasian giant deer managed to survive,\scientists said on Wednesday."""
test_298	"Plutonium: rising terror threat. The radioactive element could be used to make weapons just as dangerous as enriched uranium bombs."""
test_299	"Karzai's Running Mate Survives Attack. KABUL, Afghanistan - Campaigning for Afghanistan's first direct presidential election ended with a burst of violence Wednesday as attackers set off a bomb in a failed effort to kill interim Afghan leader Hamid Karzai's vice presidential running-mate.    Despite persistent violence, the United Nations declared this hard-luck nation ready for Saturday's vote, a historic experiment with democracy after more than two decades of unrelenting ruin, from Soviet occupation to civil war to the repressive Taliban and the thunderous U.S..."""
test_300	"New trade war erupts over Boeing, Airbus. A decades-long struggle between the world #39;s two largest aircraft makers escalated into a new trade war between the United States and Europe, just as France-based Airbus stepped """
test_301	"Sudan agrees peace plan after Blair sets deadline. Sudan agreed to a five-point peace plan for the war-torn region of Darfur yesterday after Tony Blair set a three-month deadline for an end to the long-running conflict."""
test_302	"Guinea-Bissau Soldiers Stage Mutiny, Kill Army Chief. Mutinous soldiers demanding pay for peacekeeping duty abroad killed the commander of Guinea-Bissau #39;s armed forces on Wednesday and seized key buildings in the capital of the former Portuguese colony."""
test_303	"Gazza goes back to school. PAUL GASCOIGNE has quit as player-coach at League Two side Boston because he wants to study for a coaching qualification. The 37-year-old former wants to complete the course before trying to get a player-manager role."""
test_304	"Stern to Join Sirius Satellite Radio. NEW YORK - Howard Stern has long had two words for the Federal Communications Commission - and in 15 months, he can finally utter them on the air.    The self-proclaimed """"King of All Media,"""" perhaps the most influential radio voice of the last 20 years, is shifting his salacious act to satellite radio and freeing himself from the increasingly harsh glare of federal regulators..."""
test_305	"Howard Stern moves radio show to Sirius. Shock jock Howard Stern announced Wednesday he #39;s taking his radio show off the public airwaves and over to Sirius satellite radio."""
test_306	"Transparent Search a Snap. SAN FRANCISCO -- A new company launched by dotcom survivor idealab aims to take a chunk out of the search market by letting users slice and dice their search results."""
test_307	"Ex-Bush Official on Cybersecurity Returns (AP). AP - Howard Schmidt, a highly regarded technology executive who was former special adviser to President Bush for cybersecurity, is returning to work with the Homeland Security Department on efforts to protect the nation's computer networks."""
test_308	"Sirius counting Stern boost. Howard Stern #39;s planned defection is a tremendous coup for the emerging satellite radio industry and a setback for the already slumping field of traditional radio -- especially Viacom, which """
test_309	"Kobe Bryant Accuser #39;s Name to Be Disclosed -Judge. The young woman who accused basketball star Kobe Bryant of rape must disclose her identity in her civil case against him, a federal judge ruled on Wednesday."""
test_310	"Sparkling Singh targets Woods again. If there is no rest for the wicked, then there is none either for the tormented, as represented by those members of the US Tour who are not Vijay Singh."""
test_311	"Honeywell sues Apple, 33 others over LCD patent. Honeywell on Wednesday announced that it has filed suit against Apple and 33 other companies for alleged patent infringement over a technology that  quot;increases the brightness of images and that reduces the appearance of certain interference effects on a """
test_312	"At Least 37 Killed, 52 Hurt in Pakistan Blast.  MULTAN, Pakistan (Reuters) - At least 37 people were killed  and 52 wounded when a car bomb exploded at a rally to  commemorate an assassinated religious leader in the central  Pakistani city of Multan early on Thursday, police said."""
test_313	"Howard Stern Says He Plans to Jump to Satellite Radio. After heavy F.C.C. fines, Howard Stern expects to deliver """"my show my way"""" in the mostly unregulated medium."""
test_314	"Microsoft Includes SP2 in Windows XP Embedded. Customers using Windows XP Embedded will be able to use a downloadable preview to test the new software for conflicts with existing drivers."""
test_315	"Expansion may lead to division. The Asia-Europe Meeting, ASEM, will hold its fifth summit in Hanoi in October amidst a recent crisis over the inclusion of Myanmar."""
test_316	"Analysis: Iran #39;s missile capabilities. Iran has announced it has improved its missile capabilities by developing a medium-range ballistic missile, with abilities to work on longer range systems -- a steady progress that """
test_317	"Hussein Beat Sanctions With Bribes. Saddam Hussein made \$11 billion in illegal income and eroded the world's toughest economic embargo during his final years as Iraq's leader through shrewd schemes to secretly buy off dozens of countries, top foreign officials and major international figures,  said a new report by the chief U.S. weapons inspector released yesterday."""
test_318	"MLB: NY Yankees 7, Minnesota 6 (12 inn.). Hideki Matsui drove in Derek Jeter with a 12th-inning sacrifice fly Wednesday night, giving the New York Yankees a dramatic, 7-6 win over Minnesota."""
test_319	"Woods struggling to cope with body changes: Singh. St Andrews, Oct 07 - Vijay Singh thinks the main reason he has replaced Tiger Woods as world number one is the American #39;s failure to adapt to changes in his body."""
test_320	"Concerns About Winter Push Oil to Record.  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices broke into new record  territory above \$52 Thursday on heightened concerns that  supplies of heating fuels will prove inadequate during the  northern hemisphere winter."""
test_321	"Cougar Football Notes. Houston, Texas- - Houston head football coach Art Briles finds himself in somewhat of a quandary as the Cougars prepared to play at the University of Southern Mississippi this Thursday night at MM Roberts Stadium in Hattiesburg, Miss."""
test_322	"Around The Region. A federal judge on Wednesday ordered California to drop fraud claims seeking \$2 billion in refunds from Enron, saying the company is protected from such suits under bankruptcy law."""
test_323	"Martnez's Effort Lets Boston Fans Take Heart. Boston's Pedro Martnez put his past four starts behind him Wednesday night to post a redemptive 8-3 victory over the Anaheim Angels."""
test_324	"Santander: Rejects Spanish court tax ruling on execs. LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Spain #39;s Banco Santander (STD) said it was in  quot;complete disagreement with a judicial decision quot; on Wednesday after a Spanish court ruling on tax fraud in a case dating from the 1980s."""
test_325	"Winter Concerns Push to Record High.  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices broke into record  territory above \$52 Thursday on heightened concerns that  supplies of heating fuels will prove inadequate during the  northern hemisphere winter."""
test_326	"Computer Associates to buy Netegrity. Corporate computing software giant Computer Associates International Inc. said yesterday it will pay \$430 million in cash to acquire Waltham data security firm Netegrity Inc."""
test_327	"Stewart hopes Silverstone can hold F1. Jackie Stewart is optimistic Silverstones place on next years Formula One calendar can be saved. Talks between Formula One chiefs and Silverstones owners are understood to be at an advanced stage """
test_328	"Bidding is hot for hotel eyed for condos. The Doubletree Guest Suites Hotel in Allston is for sale, and its great views of the Charles River may soon be owned instead of rented nightly."""
test_329	"Turkey is put on track for EU membership. BRUSSELS -- In a historic move that could extend Europe's borders to the edge of the volatile Middle East, the European Union recommended yesterday setting mostly Muslim Turkey on a course for full membership in the prosperous 25-nation bloc."""
test_330	"Boeing, Airbus competition escalates into trade war. A decades-long struggle between the world's two largest aircraft makers escalated into a trade war between the United States and Europe, just as France-based Airbus stepped up plans to challenge Boeing for lucrative US defense contracts."""
test_331	"St. Paul Travelers Posts Hurricane Losses. St. Paul Travelers Co., the second-largest business insurer in the United States, said Wednesday that it estimates losses from Hurricane Ivan to be about \$94 million, and expects the losses to cut third-quarter earnings by about 14 cents per share."""
test_332	"Phelps, fellow Olympians swimming again. Michael Phelps has reached the stratosphere of sports stardom: He #39;s on a first-name basis with fans.  quot;People come up to me and say,  #39;Are you Michael?"""
test_333	"Stern:  #39;I #39;m tired of censorship #39;; switches channels. The local radio galaxy tilted on its axis Wednesday when New York shock jock Howard Stern announced he would abandon the radio dial in 2006 for satellite subscriber radio."""
test_334	"Blair: Time for Excuses on Africa Is Over (Reuters). Reuters - British Prime Minister\Tony Blair is to say Thursday that the time for excuses on\Africa is over as he chairs a meeting in Ethiopia he hopes will\turn the continent's problems into a global priority."""
test_335	"34 tech firms sued for alleged LCD patent theft. Honeywell has issued lawsuits against 34 companies, including Dell, Apple, Sony and Toshiba alleging LCD panels used in their products infringe a 1992 patent the company holds."""
test_336	"Analysts See Post-Stern Ripple Effect. Howard Stern will leave a very different company than the Infinity Broadcasting he first joined in 1985. The Viacom-owned radio giant started out a """
test_337	"Sports Calendar. Bolton Over-30 women's soccer. The Close-To-Home soccer league is looking for female players 30 and olderver for the fall season for a team in the Bolton area. Interested candidates can expect refereed games, a friendly atmosphere, and renewal of basic skills. All levels of experience welcomed. Contact Miriam Kandansky at 781-442-0750 or through e-mail at Miriam.Kadanskysun.com for more details."""
test_338	"Transactions. BASEBALL Cincinnati (NL): Announced OF John Vander Wal declined an outright assignment and elected free agency. Cleveland (AL): Designated INF Ivan Ochoa, P Jake Robbins, and OF Ernie Young for assignment. Montreal (NL): Declined to exercise its 2005 option on C Einar Diaz; assigned OF Matt Cepicky outright to Edmonton (PCL). Oakland (AL): Claimed P Tim Harikkala off waivers from ..."""
test_339	"Emotional rescue for Jones. Jacque Jones sprinted all the way around the bases, as if he couldn't wait to share the moment."""
test_340	"CA to buy Netegrity for \$430 m. Its biggest acquisition since 2000, marking its return to inorganic growth mode, after shelving acquisition plans due to government probes in its accounting practices."""
test_341	"Owen fitness holds the key. Michael Owen will have one last chance to prove his fitness - and possibly determine which formation England will employ against Wales on Saturday."""
test_342	"Stocks Seen Flat with Oil Above \$52. US stocks looked to open flat on Thursday under pressure from the surge in oil prices and lackluster September sales reports from US retailers."""
test_343	"MOJAVE, CALIFORNIA: SPACEPORT. Monday was a big day in Mojave. Tens of thousands of spectators showed up to see Burt Rutans SpaceShipOne make its second flight from below sea level to the edge of space, and in doing so """
test_344	"Unisys to lay off 1,400 workers. Unisys Corp. plans to cut 1,400 jobs, primarily in general and administrative areas, and consolidate its office space worldwide, it announced Wednesday. The cuts represent 3.8 percent of the company's staff of 37,000."""
test_345	"Two U.S. Soldiers Killed in Iraq Bombings (AP). AP - Two American soldiers were killed and two others were wounded in separate bombings that occurred within hours, the U.S. military said Thursday."""
test_346	"U.S. Report: Iraq Didn't Have WMDs. WASHINGTON - Saddam Hussein's weapons of mass destruction programs had deteriorated into only hopes and dreams by the time of the U.S.-led invasion last year, a decline wrought by the first Gulf War and years of international sanctions, the chief U.S. weapons hunter found..."""
test_347	"Canada defends submarine fleet. Canada has defended its decision to buy second-hand submarines after a crewman died from injuries sustained on one of the vessels that had broken down."""
test_348	"Team almost had another legend. SACRAMENTO -- The one who got away, Part I. With his collection of bow ties and an academic air, Sacramento assistant coach Pete Carril would have fit perfectly among the professors and scholars in Boston. He is, after all, one of the most intelligent and respected basketball minds living."""
test_349	"UPDATE 3-Clarke cracks debut 151 as India collapse. Michael Clarke hit a sparkling 151 on his debut and a revitalised Glenn McGrath then ripped the heart out of India #39;s batting as Australia took command of the first test on Thursday."""
test_350	"Fall Classic plus. NEW YORK -- A short sacrifice fly by Hideki Matsui in the bottom of the 12th inning scored an alert Derek Jeter from third and gave the Yankees a 7-6 victory over the Minnesot Twins in Game 2 of their AL playoff series."""
test_351	"New air routes to more profits. Major airlines can #39;t make their low-cost competitors disappear into thin air, but they can fly away from them, which they are planning to do, to overseas routes where bargain-basement carriers don #39;t go."""
test_352	"Statement by Airbus on the US Government for formal consultations &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;. Airbus has fully supported all recent actions by the European Commission to engage with the US government in serious discussions on comprehensive new disciplines on government support."""
test_353	" #39;Hawks primed to finally surpass Rams. Editor #39;s note: ESPN senior NFL writer John Clayton #39;s weekly  quot;First And 10 quot; column takes you around the league with a look at the best game of the week followed by primers for 10 other games."""
test_354	"Asia-Europe Forum Grows, Myanmar Irritates.  HANOI (Reuters) - An Asia-Europe forum accepted Myanmar and  12 other new members on Thursday ahead of a summit strained by  Yangon's human rights record and detention of democracy icon  Aung San Suu Kyi."""
test_355	"Nintendo to Unveil Handheld Upgrade. Facing its biggest threat ever from the arrival of Sony Corp. in the portable video-game machine market, Japanese game-maker Nintendo Co."""
test_356	"CE giants  #39;readying Blu-ray camcorders #39;. Sony, Sharp and Matsushita plan to offer camcorders based on a cut-down version of the Blu-ray Disc, and could announce product as early as next year."""
test_357	"Fujitsu Siemens profit grows 60 percent. Fujitsu Siemens Computers (Holding) BV, Europe #39;s largest remaining computer manufacturer, posted a 60 percent leap in profit for the first half of its fiscal year on higher sales of laptops and servers to business customers, the company said Wednesday."""
test_358	"Rugby #39;s Hill Out for Up to 9 Months, May Miss Lions (Update1). Richard Hill, England #39;s World Cup- winning forward, will miss up to nine months of the rugby season because of a knee injury, ruling him out of the Six Nations and making him doubtful for next year #39;s British and Irish Lions tour."""
test_359	"Sadr aide freed as Iraq seeks pre-election calm. could help the interim government #39;s efforts to calm rebel-held strongholds before elections due in January. colleague, Sheikh Mahmoud Sudani, after he got out of jail on Thursday."""
test_360	"Everyone wants a piece of Orton. Every sports collectible dealer knows the key to profit is getting in early. And the hounds are suddenly on the scent of Kyle Orton."""
test_361	"Closer Look: Astros-Braves. com. This was not vintage Roger Clemens. On this afternoon, however, the hottest team in baseball didn #39;t need their old ace to be at top form."""
test_362	"Mauresmo breezes through. Amelie Mauresmo comfortably came through her first match since taking over at the top of the world rankings. The Frenchwoman reached the quarter-finals of the Porsche Grand Prix in Filderstadt with a 7-5 6-4 win over Switzerland #39;s Patty Schynder."""
test_363	"Boston Marathon champ Johnny Kelley dies. Johnny Kelley, a two-time Boston Marathon champion who became a beloved figure in the history of the race by running it a record 61 times, died at 97."""
test_364	"UPDATE 1-S amp;P revises Poland outlook to stable from negative. Standard  amp; Poor #39;s Ratings Services on Thursday revised its credit ratings outlook on Poland to stable from negative supported by strength in export growth and an improvement in the country #39;s fiscal performance."""
test_365	"Sony, Matsushita, Sharp to launch Blu-ray Disc camcorders in 2005 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;. TOKYO (AFX) - Firms that are supporting one of the next-generation optical DVD formats, the Blu-ray Disc, plan to release camcorders that record on smaller versions of the discs as early as 2005, the Nihon Keizai Shimbun reported, without citing sources."""
test_366	"Game On. On the same day that Tiger Woods was married in Barbados, the two best golfers in the world were walking the streets of St. Andrews, Scotland."""
test_367	"Upstarts Guatemala, Panama Face Crunch Qualifiers.  RIO DE JANEIRO (Reuters) - Upstarts Guatemala and Panama  face crunch matches against more experienced CONCACAF opponents  Saturday as they continue their quest to qualify for a first  World Cup."""
test_368	"San Juan Airport Shuttered for an Hour (AP). AP - San Juan's international airport was closed for more than an hour Thursday morning after bomb-sniffing dogs alerted police to a suspicious piece of luggage, authorities said."""
test_369	"House Passes Second Anti-Spyware Bill.  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives on  Thursday unanimously passed a second bill targeting  perpetrators of computer """"spyware"""" that hides in users'  computers and monitors their activities."""
test_370	"Astros Try to Go Up 2-0 Over Braves (AP). AP - The Houston Astros try to move a step closer to winning a playoff series for the first time, taking a 1-0 lead into Thursday's Game 2 against the Atlanta Braves at Turner Field."""
test_371	"Microsoft releases fix for SP2-adware clash. Microsoft has released a critical update for Windows Service Pack 2, designed to resolve an installation problem with a piece of adware -- but it maintains that the update isn #39;ta patch."""
test_372	"Nokia says Intel won't replace TI ... yet. Nokia Corp. has no immediate plans to use Intel Corp.'s processors in its handsets, the Finnish phone maker said Thursday, tempering an announcement earlier this week that Intel is building a reference design for a Symbian OS (operating system) mobile phone based on Nokia's Series 60 user interface."""
test_373	"Making it look easy. CLEVELAND -- Their membership in the NFL elite entitles the Patriots to a gimme from time to time, like yesterday's 42-15 shellacking of the hapless Cleveland Browns."""
test_374	"No temporary insanity here. CLEVELAND -- As he stood on the sideline waiting for the opening kickoff yesterday, Terry Robiskie was excited, but also realistic. The interim coach of the Cleveland Browns knew the score even before the first score had been rung up on his team by the New England Patriots."""
test_375	"Volcanoes May Have Sparked Life on Earth, Study Says. How did the building blocks of life arise on Earth? A new study says a volcanic gas may have been the key."""
test_376	"New Trojan Targets Adware. New Trojan Targets Adware\\Antivirus maker Symantec has reported the arrival of a spooky Trojan Horse online, which does something unique. Codenamed Downloader.Lunii, it attacks and even removes advertisement enabled softwares, which are generally considered harmful for the system. On execution of the code, it tries to kill the processes associated ..."""
test_377	"Mauresmo books a last-eight place. FILDERSTADT, Germany -- Amelie Mauresmo stated her determination to stay World No. 1 by surging into the quarterfinals of the Filderstadt Grand Prix in Germany with a 7-5 6-4 win over Patty Schynder."""
test_378	"Sudan Peace Talks Resume for South as Tensions Brew.  KHARTOUM/NAIROBI (Reuters) - Sudan's government resumed  talks with rebels in the oil-producing south on Thursday while  the United Nations set up a panel to investigate charges of  genocide in the west of Africa's largest country."""
test_379	"Timeline of past 25 years in Afghanistan. 1979: The Soviet Union sends troops into Afghanistan to support a pro-Moscow regime, sparking a decade-long war with anti-communist forces supplied and trained by the United States."""
test_380	"Oil Hits \$53 on Winter Worries, Nigeria.  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices scaled new heights at \$53 for  U.S. crude on Thursday on concerns over tight winter heating  fuel supplies and an unexpected strike at Nigerian oil  terminals."""
test_381	"STMicro may see windfall from Stern satellite move. Shock jock Howard Stern #39;s jump to satellite radio could create a \$180 million windfall for Europe #39;s biggest chip maker, STMicroelectronics (STM."""
test_382	"Clubbing Wet Seal. A same-stores sales drop that's less crummy than expected can't fix this sick pup."""
test_383	"Microsoft Fixes Key SP2 Issue (NewsFactor). NewsFactor - Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) has released a Windows XP Service Pack 2 update to fix an installation problem that was caused by a third-party adware program named """"T.V. Media."""""""
test_384	"Study: VoIP to proliferate in U.S. households. The number of homes using Net telephony should reach 12 million by 2009, but existing VoIP players could face hurdles."""
test_385	"Employment Picture Expected to Improve. NEW YORK - A rash of job cuts - more than 10,000 layoffs just this week from a handful of companies - has created some gloom on the jobs front. But Friday's release of jobs data for September was expected to show a steady unemployment rate and creation between about 50,000 to 250,000 new jobs, though uncertainties such as the effects of last month's hurricanes kept the estimates all over the map, said Wachovia Corp..."""
test_386	"Will Tiger Woods #39;s Marriage Score A Hole in One?. Will marriage help Tiger Woods #39;s golf game? It couldn #39;t hurt. Woods has had rough times on the course lately. For the first time since May 1999 he has slipped to No."""
test_387	"ECB  quot;consensus quot; kept rates steady today. European Central Bank president Jean-Claude Trichet has said that today #39;s decision to leave euro interest rates unchanged reflected a broad consensus on the governing council of the bank."""
test_388	"Swimming: Phelps eases into world short course 200 free final. INDIANAPOLIS, United States : Athens Olympic star Michael Phelps made a relatively relaxed start on the first day of the seventh World Short Course Swim Championship, qualifying second for the 200m freestyle final."""
test_389	"US Cautious On Progress Toward Enriching Uranium. The United States is responding carefully to Iran #39;s announcement that it has taken a major step toward enriching uranium, a key ingredient in nuclear weapons."""
test_390	"Italian PM, Gaddafi open gas pipeline in new era of  #39;friendship #39;. MELLITAH, Libya : Italia #39;s Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi opened a gas pipeline between their countries in a new era of  quot;friendship and cooperation quot; across the Mediterranean."""
test_391	"Check Boeing sops, Airbustells US Check Boeing sops, Airbustells &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;. European aircraft maker Airbus on Thursday criticised a US move to take a fight about subsidies to the World Trade Organisation (WTO), saying it showed its rivals unwillingness to address its own subsidies."""
test_392	"Head2Head Reader Responses. The Packers have a far better shot at making the playoffs than the Titans. The Packers play in a much easier division, which gives them a better chance at winning the magic number of games (10?"""
test_393	"Mark Cuban prompts dot-com redux. reporteri #39;s notebook SAN FRANCISCO--Hope and cynicism sparred to a draw on Tuesday at the glitzy opening banquet of Web 2.0 conference here, as serial entrepreneur and reality TV show host Mark Cuban took the stage to talk about what #39;s next for the 10-year """
test_394	"Karzai Uncle Sam #39;s man. WASHINGTON, October 08 (Online): As Afghans prepare for their first presidential elections on October 9, President Hamid Karzai, a Pashtun, is being challenged by over a dozen factional leaders, but most Afghans and international officials expect him to """
test_395	"Music firms reach out to creator of Napster. LOS ANGELES As a teenager, Shawn Fanning brought free music to the masses, creating the Napster file-swapping program and unleashing a technological genie that granted the wishes of fans seeking virtually any song at any time - gratis."""
test_396	"Opportunity Rover Stumbles Upon Rocky, Maybe Watery, Find (SPACE.com). SPACE.com - Almost by accident, NASA's Mars rover Opportunity has found a rock that may point to a second water event in the red planet's past."""
test_397	"Shares of Large Drug Makers Fall.  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of large drug makers fell on  Thursday after a top U.S. cardiologist questioned the safety of  new arthritis drugs and the performance of U.S. regulators in  monitoring drug safety."""
test_398	"Stem Cells Emit Healing Molecules. WASHINGTON (AP) -- Embryonic stem cells may not have to actually grow replacement body parts to be useful.    New research suggests these cells also secrete healing molecules powerful enough to reverse a lethal birth defect in mice..."""
test_399	"U.S. Alerts Schools About Terror Threat. WASHINGTON - The Education Department has advised school leaders nationwide to watch for people spying on their buildings or buses to help detect any possibility of terrorism like the deadly school siege in Russia.    The warning follows an analysis by the FBI and the Homeland Security Department of the siege that killed nearly 340 people, many of them students, in the city of Beslan last month..."""
test_400	"The king who courted the Khmer Rouge (and survived). The career of King Norodom Sihanouk of Cambodia has been a bewildering trail of political twists and expedient turns. Now the man they call the  #39;mercurial monarch #39; has announced his abdication."""
test_401	"Elbaradei, Environmentalist Tipped for Nobel (Reuters). Reuters - Among those tipped to win the 2004 Nobel\Peace Prize on Friday are the U.N. nuclear watchdog and its\leader Mohamed ElBaradei, a Kenyan environmentalist and a\Russian anti-nuclear activist."""
test_402	"CA offers usage-based pricing for mainframe tools. OCTOBER 07, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Computer Associates International Inc. introduced a usage-based pricing and licensing option for its mainframe management products today, aligning its offerings with IBM #39;s on-demand model."""
test_403	"Web Gaming Changes Social Interactions (AP). AP - Not so long ago, in a galaxy not so far away, Chip Collier was on a mission. """"I really gotta stop bleeding and dying,"""" the 24-year old said as he slouched in front of his computer in his ninth-floor Chicago apartment. """"I'm really horrible about not paying attention to my battle fatigue."""""""
test_404	"Alcoa Profit Hurt by Labor, Storm Costs. Alcoa Inc. (AA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s biggest aluminum producer, posted only slightly better quarterly earnings on Thursday, as higher metal prices were """
test_405	"AMD's Q3 led by strong Opteron, Athlon 64 sales. SAN FRANCISCO - As expected, Advanced Micro Devices Inc.'s (AMD's) third-quarter revenue came in a little under the company's earlier predictions, but strong increases in sales of its 64-bit desktop and server processors led to the company's fourth straight profitable quarter."""
test_406	"UK Recording Industry Sues File Swappers Over Piracy. Following the lead of their American counterparts, the leading music industry groups in the UK and Europe have launched scores of lawsuits against dozens of individuals they say swapped copyrighted music illegally."""
test_407	"Advanced Micro Devices meets reduced forecast for third quarter. SAN FRANCISCO - Advanced Micro Devices Inc. reported a third-quarter profit from a loss a year-earlier on today, but sales fell from the second quarter in line with the chip maker #39;s recently reduced outlook."""
test_408	"Yellowknife parole officer found dead after visiting client in apartment (Canadian Press). Canadian Press - YELLOWKNIFE (CP) - The case of a parole officer apparently killed while she was visiting a client has devastated her colleagues."""
test_409	"Lawmakers Try to OK Hurricane-Drought Aid (AP). AP - Lawmakers scrambled to approve a  #36;14 billion package to aid hurricane and drought victims Thursday, driven by warnings that relief money was running out and a need to pass legislation before the planned departure of Congress at the end of this week for the election."""
test_410	"Skyboxes May Reach A Limit. Verizon Communications Inc. would seem to be a prime candidate to snap up a luxury suite at the \$440 million ballpark being planned for Washington's Major League Baseball team."""
test_411	"Techs Lead Asian Shares Down, Oil Eases.  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Technology stocks led Asian share  markets lower on Friday after a retreat by their U.S. peers,  with investors cautious amid record-breaking oil prices and  ahead of U.S. jobs data later in the day. """
test_412	"Bookings Decline at US Airways. US Airways Group Inc. attorneys and executives acknowledged in bankruptcy court yesterday that bookings had fallen more steeply than they had anticipated in reaction to their Chapter """
test_413	"Sun and Kodak settle out of court. As we reported previously, Kodak filed a lawsuit against Sun Microsystems claiming that the company had infringed on its patents by implementing  quot;ask for help quot; functionality in its Java programming language, which gave a huge boost to the company #39;s yearly """
test_414	"Ravens Star Jamal Lewis Pleads Guilty to Drug Charge (Reuters). Reuters - Baltimore Ravens football star Jamal\Lewis pleaded guilty on Thursday to using a cell phone to try\to broker a cocaine deal, avoiding more serious federal drug\charges that could have sent him to prison for life."""
test_415	"Plugging in a Musical Visionary's Next Ideas. Musician Brian Eno, who has been turning ideas into visionary music for decades, is looking to create software that will write song lyrics."""
test_416	"Techs Hit Asian Shares Lower; Oil Down (Reuters). Reuters - Technology stocks led Asian share\markets lower Friday after a retreat by their U.S. peers, with\investors cautious amid record-breaking oil prices and ahead of\U.S. jobs data later in the day."""
test_417	"Cardinals Crush Dodgers to Grab 2-0 Series Lead. Mike Matheny #39;s two-run single highlighted a three-run fifth inning rally which lifted the St. Louis Cardinals to an 8-3 win over the Los Angeles Dodgers in the National League Divisional Series Thursday."""
test_418	"AT amp;T Wireless Gets in Tune. AT amp;T Wireless (NYSE: AWE) recently debuted its mMode Music Store. Developed together with Loudeye (Nasdaq: LOUD) and Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT), the store allows subscribers to browse """
test_419	"How Serious Is Pfizer #39;s Condition?. The stock is feeling some pain these days. However, this drugmaker has enough going for it that the illness shouldn #39;t last. Amid nervousness over the future of Pfizer #39;s arthritis pain treatment Celebrex and """
test_420	"Aisin finishes deal for Michigan land. HANDY TOWNSHIP -- A Japanese auto supplier said Thursday it completed the purchase of about 750 acres of Michigan land for a proving ground."""
test_421	"RIAA legal action barely gets a mention. SOMETHING INTERESTING HAPPENED in the filesharing world this week, the music industry launched another round of lawsuits against their core user base."""
test_422	"Firefox invades market. PROGRESS: Many students eagerly await the final version of Mozilla #39;s Firefox Internet browser that will be released later this month."""
test_423	"Woman's death probed. Public health officials are investigating why a 38-year-old woman died two weeks after undergoing gastric bypass surgery at Saint Anne's Hospital in Fall River. The hospital has stopped offering the surgery during the state probe and an internal review."""
test_424	"Danaher to Make Offer for Linx Printing. Danaher Corp., a maker of Sears Craftsman tools and environmental testing products, said Wednesday that it plans to make a cash tender offer to purchase Linx Printing Technologies PLC for \$158 million, including transaction costs."""
test_425	"Warne ends India #39;s teen resistance. India posted 199/7 and trail Australia by 275 runs at lunch on the third day of the first Test at Bangalore. India #39;s two teenagers Pathiv Patel and Irfan Pathan, who resumed on 18 and one respectively, fought """
test_426	"Today's schedule. Pro baseball: AL Division Series -- Anaheim vs. Red Sox at Fenway Park (Game 3), 4 p.m."""
test_427	"Picking Your Perfect PCI Express PC. Way back in June I suggested you hold off on buying a new PC until systems with PCI Express shipped. The new technology has the potential to dramatically improve performance because it replaces the pokey old """
test_428	"VIACOM MAY PAY SIRIUS \$: HOWARD. Howard Stern hinted broadly yesterday that he might continue his involvement with Viacom after he switches to censor-free satellite radio in 15 months."""
test_429	"Kenyan tree planter wins Nobel Peace Prize: report. LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Kenyan tree planter and government minister Wangari Maathai has won the Nobel Peace Prize, Agence France-Presse said."""
test_430	"Fujifilm And Sprint Launch Photo Printing Service. Sprint and Fuji Photo Film USA recently introduced a new service that lets Sprint #39;s Picture Mail customers send digital camera phone pictures from their online Picture Mail """
test_431	"London-Based Bank Wins Bid for Permata. A consortium led by Standard Chartered PLC won the bidding for a majority stake in PT Bank Permata, agreeing to pay US\$300 million (euros 244 million) for control of Indonesia #39;s seventh-largest lender, Finance Minister Boediono said Friday."""
test_432	"Kenyan tree planter wins peace prize. Wangari Maathai, a Kenyan environmentalist, today became the first African woman to win the Nobel peace prize. Ms Maathai, 64, Kenya #39;s deputy environment minister, heads the Green Belt movement, a group that """
test_433	"Citigroup Hits Back at Parmalat.  MILAN (Reuters) - Citigroup on Friday launched a legal  challenge against a restructuring plan drawn up by Parmalat,  hitting back after the bankrupt food group took the world's  biggest bank to court recently."""
test_434	"U.S. Wildlife Refuges Facing Grave Threats. A sweeping wildlife preserve in southwestern Arizona is among the nation's 10 most endangered refuges, due in large part to illegal drug and immigrant traffic and Border Patrol operations, a conservation group said Friday."""
test_435	"Kenyan activist plants tree to mark Nobel prize. Crying with delight, Kenyan environmentalist Wangari Maathai planted a tree to celebrate winning the Nobel Peace Prize on Friday and vowed to use the money """
test_436	"Microsoft, Sun, Intel push IT management via Web services (InfoWorld). InfoWorld - Microsoft and Sun Microsystems on Thursday are publishing a specification to leverage Web services for managing a broad range of IT systems including PCs and devices on a network."""
test_437	"Africa condemned to major polio epidemic - U.N. (Reuters). Reuters - A major polio epidemic in West and Central Africa is inevitable in coming months, but the disease could be eradicated worldwide next year by mass immunisations, the World Health Organisation (WHO) said on Friday."""
test_438	"Almost 5,000 jobs cut on Bank of America getting funds. Bank of America has an option to cut at least 4,500 jobs while reorganizing its structure. This is not the first time when the bank reduces jobs."""
test_439	"Polygon shapes on Mars rock add to evidence of water. Curious polygon shapes on the surface of Mars are among the latest evidence clearly suggesting the presence of water, and some of it may have appeared there even after the surface was bombarded by objects from distant space."""
test_440	"Reclusive Amish could be thrown into election battleground (AFP). AFP - Martha Lapp hopes to vote for the first time in the US presidential election, in which the reclusive Amish sect that her family belongs to could play a key role."""
test_441	"Oil prices send US stocks lower. INVESTORS sent stocks sharply lower today as oil prices continued their climb higher and new questions about the safety of arthritis drugs pressured pharmaceutical stocks."""
test_442	"Dell recalls 4.4m notebook power adaptors. Dell today asked 4.4m notebook users to return their power adaptors after it admitted these peripherals pose both a fire and electric shock hazard."""
test_443	"English FA planning to introduce EPO tests this season. The English FA plans to introduce tests for the blood-boosting drug EPO (erythropoietin) this season as part of its regular testing programme."""
test_444	"BenQ Readies IPod Rival. Hard-drive based digital audio player will be available by the end of the year."""
test_445	"French Trial Watches Bomb Plot Surveillance Tape (Reuters). Reuters - A Paris court watched on Friday a\surveillance video shot by Islamic militants plotting to bomb a\Strasbourg market, in which a commentator brands the French\city a modern-day Babylon whose residents would go to hell."""
test_446	"Soybeans Retreat, Grains Futures Mixed. Soybean futures edged lower Friday in early activity on the Chicago Board of Trade. Grain futures were mixed. Wheat for December delivery rose 1/4 cent to \$3."""
test_447	"Jets hit rebel city in payback for hotel raid. BAGHDAD: US fighter jets bombed the rebel-held city of Fallujah yesterday, killing at least 10 people, hours after rockets slammed into a Baghdad hotel used by foreign journalists and contractors."""
test_448	"BA hikes oil surcharge by up to 8 per ticket. British Airways, Europe #39;s biggest airline by passenger capacity, has hiked its fuel surcharges by up to UK8 per ticket, a day after oil prices climbed to record levels."""
test_449	"Thomson to Sell Media Group for  #36;350 Mln (Reuters). Reuters - Thomson Corp.  said on Friday it\will sell its media division to investment group Investcorp in\a  #36;350 million cash deal that will tighten its focus on\electronic publishing."""
test_450	"House passes bill to criminalize spyware fraud. The House Thursday passed a bill that would criminalize the use of spyware to commit fraud or other crimes, adding an additional two to five years to federal sentences."""
test_451	"Bomb rocks Indonesia #39;s Paris embassy. A small parcel bomb has exploded outside the Indonesian embassy in Paris, slightly injuring 10 people and shattering windows, but officials say they have no clues to the motive."""
test_452	"Militants in Iraq Kill UK Hostage, Video Shows.  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Militants in Iraq beheaded British  hostage Kenneth Bigley, three weeks after kidnapping him to  press a demand for the release of women held by U.S.-led  forces, a video seen by Reuters showed on Friday."""
test_453	"Cambodia passes succession law. Cambodia approves a law to choose a new monarch, after King Sihanouk's abdication announcement."""
test_454	"Lackluster Jobs Report Pushes Stocks Down. NEW YORK - Investors pushed stocks lower Friday as a surprisingly lackluster job creation report deepened Wall Street's pessimism over the health of the economy. A solid earnings report from General Electric Co..."""
test_455	"For the First Time, an African Woman Wins the Nobel Peace Prize. Wangari Maathai, a Kenyan who has worked tirelessly to protect the environment, improve the lives of women, and fight crime, Friday became """
test_456	"Sun settles Kodak patent suit. Sun Microsystems says it will pay Kodak \$92 million to settle a high-profile patent suit involving Sun #39;s Java programming technology."""
test_457	"Google SMS and wireless carriers that save your text messages.. Yesterday we covered the news that Google is expanding their search to the mobile arena with their new Google SMS service which lets you search by sending text messages from your cellphone."""
test_458	"MUTV: We #39;re giving balanced picture. MUTV bosses have hit back strongly at allegations of bias levelled against them by a group of Manchester United supporters. United #39;s official television station was targeted by fans who disrupted live coverage of the reserve-team match at Altrincham."""
test_459	"House Passes Corporate Tax Bill. The House, by a vote of 280 to 141, gave final approval last night to a far-reaching tax bill that provides a rich array of breaks to manufacturing companies, energy producers and small businesses and underwrites a \$10 billion buyout of American tobacco """
test_460	"Cassini Spies Saturn's Moon Tethys. The Cassini spacecraft in orbit around Saturn caught a glimpse of Tethys, a cratered, icy moon. Notable for Tethys are its split fissure and enormous crater, both of which leave the impression that its fragile surface is remaking itself slowly..."""
test_461	"Polese steps into open-source fray. Former Sun and Marimba executive Kim Polese takes the helm of SpikeSource, a start-up which will offer services around open source software."""
test_462	"Putin Heads for Turkey in Landmark Visit Between Former Foes. Russian President Vladimir Putin is making a two-day official visit to Turkey, the first by any Russian leader in 32 years. Mr. Putin is expected to sign several economic cooperation agreements """
test_463	"Man U condemns fan protest against Glazer. Manchester United criticized fans who disrupted a game between reserve teams to protest a potential takeover of the famed English soccer club by Tampa Bay Buccaneers owner Malcolm Glazer."""
test_464	"Is King Kahn #39;s reign coming to an end?. He is first choice for his club Bayern Munich and used to be an automatic selection for the national team too. But when Germany meets Iran in a friendly this weekend, Kahn is not going to be between the posts."""
test_465	"Marquee Matchup. With apologies to Arizona and San Francisco, there are only two teams in the NFC West again this year, and that means the division has just two truly meaningful games: This one, and Seattle at St."""
test_466	"Lego, Carrefour in French Price-Fix Probe (AP). AP - French competition authorities are investigating Danish toy maker Lego Systems AS and supermarket retailer Carrefour SA as part of a probe into alleged price fixing in the French toy market in 2002 and early 2003."""
test_467	"Flu Shot Shortage Highlights U.S. Crisis.  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Concerned health officials began  investigating on Friday what went wrong at a British vaccine  plant where half the U.S. flu shots were made, and called on  more companies to get into the vaccine business."""
test_468	"Collaboration suite to help secure tonight's Bush-Kerry debate. The U.S. Secret Service and a throng of police and emergency management officials in Missouri will for the first time use a customized Microsoft-based collaboration portal to share security information during tonight's presidential debate."""
test_469	"Sharapova eases through to second consecutive final. Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova reached her second consecutive final with a 6-2 6-3 victory over Thailand #39;s Tamarine Tanasugarn at the Japan Open on Friday."""
test_470	"Copper Prices Rally to 16-Year Highs. Copper prices surged to 16-year highs on Friday as a strike at the world #39;s largest copper producer threatened to tighten world supplies."""
test_471	"Dell AC Adaptors Recalled. October 8, 2004 - Dell Inc. is recalling about 2.9 million AC adapters nationwide_ 4.4 million worldwide_ used with notebook personal computers because they can overheat and cause a fire and electrical shock """
test_472	"Update 4: Court Dismisses Suit From Hollinger. Newspaper publisher Hollinger International Inc. suffered a setback Friday in its legal battle against ousted CEO Conrad Black and several associates when a federal judge sharply scaled back its effort to """
test_473	"Cracks in Martian rock point to watery past. LOS ANGELES - NASA #39;s Mars rover, Opportunity, has found more signs that rocks on the Red Planet were once submerged in water. Data sent by Opportunity suggest a crater was drenched a second time after drying out, scientists said."""
test_474	"Iraq war was illegal: Chirac. HANOI: French President Jacques Chirac has said the US-led war in Iraq was illegal and expressed his fear for the countrys future in the face of a civil war."""
test_475	"California Official Rules on Gay Marriage. SAN FRANCISCO - California's constitution permits laws against gay marriage, the state's attorney general declared Friday in a long-awaited legal opinion that sought to avoid offending either side of the debate.    While acknowledging that """"committed and loving relationships between two individuals deserve recognition under California law,"""" Attorney General Bill Lockyer said it was up to the voters or the Legislature to decide questions about whether gay couples should be allowed to marry..."""
test_476	"Caymas to open with security gateways. Security start-up Caymas Systems launches Monday with products to protect the flow of corporate data."""
test_477	"First Look: RemoteTV Offers Slick Media Streaming. Belkin's latest product lets you effortlessly share digital content within the house, but is it lawful?"""
test_478	"U.S. Warns Americans to Avoid Haiti (AP). AP - Security in Haiti remains unpredictable and dangerous, and Americans should not travel to the Caribbean nation except for emergencies, the State Department said Friday."""
test_479	"MPAA asks Supreme Court to rule on P-to-P cases. SAN FRANCISCO - Representatives for the music and movie industries have filed a petition asking the U.S. Supreme Court to overturn an appeals court decision in which companies that enable peer-to-peer (P-to-P) file trading networks were absolved of liability for copyright violations by users of those networks."""
test_480	"Chirac #39;s tour of China magnifies partnership. Dialogue between China and France, two countries which highly value cultural diversity and pluralism in international politics, is no doubt conducive to world peace."""
test_481	"Israelis Trudge Home, in Shock After Bombings. At least 29 people were killed and more than 160 were injured in what Israeli officials believed were terrorist bombings."""
test_482	"Turkey a step closer to Brussels. The European Commission is set to give the green light later today to accession talks with Turkey. EU leaders will take a final decision in December."""
test_483	"Trump defends Martha Stewart. New York real estate mogul Donald Trump defended his friend Martha Stewart as the woman who turned home economics into a media empire began her prison term."""
test_484	"Rights activist, environmentalist wins peace prize. Wangari Maathai, a Kenyan woman who started an environmental movement that has planted 30 million trees in Africa and who has campaigned for women #39;s rights and greater democracy in her home country, won the 2004 Nobel Peace Prize yesterday."""
test_485	"Israel scrambled warplanes  #39;in case of hijacking threat #39;. Israeli warplanes scrambled as soon as news broke of the Taba bombings. Military sources would not elaborate but analysts suggested the most likely reason was to intercept any hijacked """
test_486	"Israelis Kill Four Palestinians in Gaza Strip.  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli troops killed four armed  Palestinians in the Gaza Strip on Saturday as it pressed a  massive 10-day-old offensive that has cost 85 Palestinian lives  in an attempt to stop militants firing rockets."""
test_487	"Astronaut #39;s kudos to Rutan. I applaud Burt Rutan and the SpaceShipOne team for their miraculous achievement of winning the Ansari X Prize. As an astronaut, I understand well the challenges they faced in reaching suborbital space."""
test_488	"Kodak accepts \$92 million from Sun. SUN MICROSYSTEMS will pay Kodak \$92 million to settle a patents infringement case after a jury found it guilty of using Java patents."""
test_489	"Welcome to Alderson. Homemaking guru Martha Stewart slipped into the federal prison camp here in the dark morning hours to start her five-month sentence."""
test_490	"Socceroos lead at break. The Socceroos lead the Solomon Islands 4-0 at half-time in their Confederations Cup qualifier in Honiara. A double from midfielder Josip Skoko and strikes to Ante Milicic and the impressive Brett Emerton have """
test_491	"Earnhardt: Take money, not points. Dale Earnhardt Jr. wants NASCAR to change its punishment for swearing on television and radio broadcasts before another driver commits a similar slip of the tongue."""
test_492	"Rumsfeld to Meet Foreign Defense Chiefs on Iraq.  MANAMA (Reuters) - Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld was  set to meet defense chiefs from about 18 nations aboard a U.S.  aircraft carrier in the Gulf Saturday as the United States  looks to improve the security situation in Iraq with January  elections looming."""
test_493	"Martha Stewart reports to jail to begin sentence. the time she had to report to the country #39;s oldest federal prison for women. service of her sentence, quot; a Federal Bureau of Prisons statement said."""
test_494	"Alstom to sign 1 billion Euro in contracts with China (AFP). AFP - The French Group Alstom Saturday will sign contracts worth up to 1 billion Euros (1.23 billion dollars) in China for the delivery of trains and locomotives, French sources with knowledge of the deal revealed to AFP."""
test_495	"U.S. Bishops Reviewing Sex Abuse Policy. The nation's Roman Catholic bishops said Friday they will spend the next nine months deciding whether to make any changes in the policy they enacted at the height of the clergy sex abuse crisis that includes permanently barring guilty priests from church work.    The review was mandated in the """"Charter for the Protection of Children and Young People,"""" the document the bishops adopted at an emotional June 2002 assembly in Dallas..."""
test_496	"Trading blows. When a can of worms is opened, all manner of slimy things crawl out. So it was when the US government fired the first shots in a fusillade against the European Union - by complaining to the World Trade Organisation """
test_497	"A So-So Debut For Microsoft #39;s Blog Service. Microsoft Corp. made a belated entrance into the  quot;blogosphere quot; Thursday, unveiling a free Web-log publishing service one day after Merriam-Webster Inc."""
test_498	"New Star-Type Resembles Stillborn Star. When a binary star system starts to transfer mass, one of the twins may well win out, leaving its companion to occupy a strange region half way between a star and a planet. A new star-type of this sort has been found, which resembles the infrared ash of a stillborn star."""
test_499	"WCQ Group 6 preview: Eriksson considers three up front.. MANCHESTER, Oct 9 (SW) - England manager Sven Goran Eriksson looks set to play with three forwards in Saturdays World Cup qualifier against Wales at Old Trafford."""
test_500	"Joyous Red Sox Fans Celebrate Clean Sweep Over Angels. BOSTON -- Exuberant Red Sox fans spilled out of Fenway Park on Friday in a raucous celebration of Friday #39;s dramatic 8-6 10th inning victory over the Anaheim Angels that propelled Boston into the American League Championship series."""